spoken: 
 Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass 
 One time for your mother fucking mind, we represent the 313 
 You know what I'm saying?, 'cause they don't know shit about this 
 For the 9-6 
 Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction 
 To get your brain relaxin, 'cause they be actin' maniac in action 
 A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction 
 You looking zany whack with just a fraction of my tracks spun 
 My rhyming skills got you climbing hills 
 I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills 
 I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants 
 Twistin necks of rappers till their spinal column disconnects 
 Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up 
 Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smog 
 This is the season for noise pollution contamination 
 Examination of more cartoons than animation 
 My lamination of narration 
 Hit's a snare and bass in the track fucked up rapper interrogation 
 When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring, gazing 
 I turn the stage into a barren wasteland... 
 I'm Infinite 
 You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
 I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
 I'm Infinite 
 Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense 
 I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse 
 I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil all your fans 
 I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans 
 My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal 
 One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people 
 MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium 
 Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one 
 Imitator, Intimidator, Stimulator, Simulator of data, Eliminator 
 There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus 
 Fuck around and catch all of the venereal diseases 
 My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces 
 My accapella releases plastic masterpieces through telekinesis 
 That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally 
 With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite 
 You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
 I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
 I'm Infinite 
 Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since 
 My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O 
 So I'm assuming all responsibility 
 Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's 
 Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler 
 Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler 
 No one is speacialer, My skill is intergalactical 
 I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school 
 I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical 
 I'd rather let a tactical, tactful, track tickle your fancy 
 In fact I can't see, or can't imagine 
 A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching 
 This is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam 
 Plus the man who never had a plan B 
 Be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit 
 I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit... 
 I'm Infinite 
 You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
 I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
 I'm Infinite 
 You heard of hell well I was sent from it 
 I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... 
 I'm Infinite
 Proof 
 Here is Soul Intent checkin' in at number 1 baby this week, 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 This is MC Proof 
 DJ Head 
 And DJ Heeaad! 
 Proof 
 Checkin' in on W.E.G.O. 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Ayo we got the number one requested song, 
 Of the day, coming up next 
 It's a local 313 talent 
 He goes by the name of Eminem 
 And it's called " 
 It's OK 
 " 
 Check it out
 Eye-Kyu: Check it out, 
 Eminem: Hey Kyu! 
 Eye-Kyu: 
 Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
 I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right) 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
 It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
 It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
 I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right) 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
 It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
 Verse 1: Eminem 
 One day I plan to be a family man happily married 
 I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried 
 Till I'm glad to be buried 
 And leave this crazy world 
 And have at least a half a million for my baby girl 
 It may be early to be planning this stuff 
 'Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough 
 Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough 
 I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed 
 My hands have been cuffed 
 But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff 
 Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts 
 I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough 
 And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see 
 My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased 
 With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese 
 I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call 
 Way before my baby is able to crawl 
 I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates 
 To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades 
 I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth 
 Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q 
 Eye-Kyu: 
 Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
 I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right) 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
 It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
 It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
 I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right) 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
 It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
 Verse 2: Eminem 
 I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps 
 Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheap 
 Praying for sleep 
 Dreaming with a watering mouth 
 Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse 
 In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts 
 With the root of all evil 
 I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful 
 And make them do shit illegal 
 For these Grant's and Jackson's 
 These transactions explain a man's actions 
 But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity 
 Through God and there's a wish he granted me 
 He showed me how to cope with the stress 
 And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed 
 Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest 
 To selling dope with the rest 
 I quit smoking cess to open my chest 
 Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
 Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel 
 My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics 
 He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts 
 Kids attract static, children with automatics 
 Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets 
 I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum 
 I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum 
 It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth 
 But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth 
 Eye-Kyu: 
 Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
 I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right) 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
 It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
 It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) 
 I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right) 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) 
 It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) 
 Uh, it's ok, yeah it's all right, even though I can't sleep 
 Uh yeah, it's ok, it's all right, I can't sleep
 Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
 None of these skills you bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me 
 If you ever wanna be one see 
 Eminem: Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
 None of these skills you bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
 If you ever wanna be one see 
 Verse 1: Eye-Kyu 
 Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right 
 I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime 
 My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats 
 Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets 
 Forgot a gold digger's succubus, my souls thick with ruggedness 
 With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this 
 I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound 
 On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch) 
 We elevated to new heights premeditated 
 Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it 
 The escalated can be put to the test of greatness 
 Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it 
 So I take it that's the reason I'm hated 
 To represent my temperament 
 If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant 
 But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so) 
 Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now) 
 Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
 My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate 
 At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate 
 I blasterate, and have you all running master gates 
 And as for face clutching and touching the flows 
 I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose 
 Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science 
 Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance 
 Defiance, no we won't have that 
 You want your shit to blow up? 
 Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
 And blast that shit to kingdom come 
 Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
 I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about 
 And you all knew from Meeko 
 That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno 
 So stop that bullshit and flow 
 Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know 
 Chorus: Eminem 
 So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
 None of these skills you bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
 If you ever wanna be one see 
 Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
 None of these skills you bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me 
 If you ever wanna be one see 
 Verse 2: Eminem 
 So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
 You don't know shit so when you see one flee 
 You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC 
 I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T 
 I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot 
 I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott 
 Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me 
 I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory 
 It's either them or me man, kill or be killed 
 You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed 
 My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity 
 I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty 
 If he's acting soft and he cowers 
 He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers 
 You flowers got no clout with a thing 
 You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang 
 I showered the slang, simple as A, B, C's 
 Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's 
 Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone 
 Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone 
 So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks 
 I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks 
 I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers 
 You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
 Fingers 
 But you can bring yours let's see what you got 
 But don't front and never try to be what you're not 
 Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back 
 And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack 
 Chorus: Eye-Kyu 
 So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
 None of these skills you just seen come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me 
 So you ain't ever gonna be one see 
 Eminem: So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
 None of these skills that you just seen come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me 
 So you ain't ever gonna be one see
 Women Singing: 
 Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah 
 I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs 
 Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs 
 So here's a toast to federal checks 
 Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh 
 We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks 
 To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks 
 I grapple an axe for them baffling acts 
 The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax 
 Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit 
 The tall shit that will end up with his skull split 
 Then I buried the hatchet, I carried the fat chick 
 Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it 
 Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two 
 Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
 Back home when the party ends 
 So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints 
 To the finest women in the audience 
 Women Singing: 
 They honor the 
 Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah (blends in with lyrics) 
 Eminem: 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right 
 Ayo, spiders are like tarantulas, vandealous 
 Living as scandalous as a television evangelist 
 But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter 
 Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters 
 I think a living never meant for me 
 Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally 
 When I stumbled upon this resolution 
 By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution 
 You couldn't see me with binoculars 
 I armed like an octopus 
 Step on stage and you get socked and pushed 
 Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back 
 Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act 
 When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it 
 Every minute so when I win it you never resent it 
 I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented 
 You got the point when I cleverly said it 
 Women Singing: 
 Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah (blends in with lyrics) 
 Eminem: 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right 
 Eminem is heading skyward 
 For those who thought that I would make you bored 
 And treat you like a piece 
 Of plywood 
 I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me 
 With the agility to escape a killer bee colony 
 So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
 I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was 
 I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this 
 I'm hazardous enough already as it is 
 Without you adding fuel to the fire 
 I'm cruel to the liar 
 Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire 
 Clinical studies show that I'm cynical 
 There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow 
 I'm sure the party people can agree 
 That I'm enchanting, with the romantic 
 Freaking the vocals so frantically 
 So throw your hands up in the atmosphere 
 And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like 
 Women Singing: 
 Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah (blends in with lyrics) 
 Eminem: 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight 
 'Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right
 Maxine! (Phone Rings) 
 Maxine: Hello 
 Denaun: Can I speak to Maxine? 
 Maxine: Yeah this is me what's up? 
 Denaun: What up? 
 Maxine: Who dis? 
 Denaun: Denaun 
 Maxine: Yeah what's up? 
 Denaun: What are you doing? 
 Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed 
 Denaun: Huh? 
 Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed 
 Denaun: Why? 
 Maxine: I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do 
 Verse 1: Eminem 
 I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine 
 She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean 
 Plus she got a sugar daddy 
 Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly 
 If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation 
 You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation 
 When you step away son, she got her face done 
 Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if 
 You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you 
 If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice 
 But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency 
 To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee 
 Don't bring your germs to me, 'cause I ain't trying to hear it 
 While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!) 
 Verse 2: Denaun Porter 
 Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is 
 To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit 
 You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night 
 You say it's gonna stop but it... just... slows... down 
 And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
 Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be 
 You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that 
 When you got niggas hiding in your closet 
 I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely 
 I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me 
 So I stepped on it and then asked my homies 
 And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
 Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number 
 I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch... 
 Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga 
 Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands 
 And said "Oh it's like that?" 
 She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit 
 She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit 
 She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number 
 She asked could I give her mine two 
 Got to the crib and called her up 
 We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck 
 I said "Maxine check this out, 
 Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out" 
 Got to the crib she let me in 
 She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom 
 I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things" 
 What the fuck are you doing? 
 So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing 
 As she went for my midsection 
 I threw her down as I tore off her shirt 
 Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work 
 Before I hit it she said 
 "3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass" 
 I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok" 
 She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS" 
 I got up out 
 Denaun: Hey, Maxine 
 Maxine: What 
 Denaun: You thinking about sucking my dick? 
 Maxine: Yeah for a small price 
 Denaun: For a small price? What you mean? 
 Maxine: You know, money nigga 
 Denaun: You don't need no damn money, 
 I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit. 
 Maxine: (laughing) What you, what you hear I got? 
 Denaun: AIDS 
 Maxine: (laughing) Who told you that bullshit? 
 Denaun: My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie 
 Maxine: Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then 
 Denaun: Oh for real, it's like that? 
 Maxine: (laughing) Well I ain't got shit, 
 So he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
 I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga 
 Denaun: Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you 
 Maxine: No, see... 
 Denaun: You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you 
 Maxine: Hold on, why it ain't even like that 
 Denaun: I want y'all to get paid, fucking... 
 Maxine: (laughing as the phone hangs up)
 Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man 
 Y'all been here every weekend man, 
 I don't ever get a chance to rap first man! 
 That's cause you whack! 
 What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all y'all 
 Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first, 
 You can bust yours after me if you want to 
 No no man, I'm going first, 
 I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man 
 You always rap first, 
 I'm rapping I don't care what none of y'all say, 
 I'm fresh, I'm fresh 
 Thyme: 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out man I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out bitch I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 Verse 1: Eminem 
 I'll have you taken back to Christ when you're sacrificed 
 The way you're hacked and sliced when I fill your back with knives 
 Jacking lives of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan 
 For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband 
 I stomped your man so unless you want what he got 
 You best just set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot 
 I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask 
 If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask 
 It's an amazing task to battle with success 
 I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less 
 And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians 
 Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions 
 Wicked wizardry like a sorcerer, no remorse for you 
 When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra 
 So feel the force of my spiritual images 
 Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages 
 My skin itches every time a rapper recites 
 And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites 
 You wanna see fights I got a match for you 
 You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula 
 Chorus: Thyme 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out man I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out bitch I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 Verse 2: Eminem 
 You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me 
 You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me 
 Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier 
 Inferior, deteriorate, like bacteria 
 Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see 
 How much in fear when you hear me you'll be, and 
 Shiver and shake, quiver and quake 
 Bite a rhyme and feel your jaw get stiffer and ache, wither and break 
 You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake 
 I'll twist you into a different shape 
 And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fishermen's sake 
 If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake 
 Every diss you can take, personal 
 We ain't friends trying to make amends 
 If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence (take offense) 
 I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces 
 Your last releases, you pass diseases, that's the reason 
 I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic 
 So pass it like a hot potato 
 I've never been less than clever and fresh 
 Severing flesh of fools who never impressed ever infest 
 Chorus: Thyme 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out man I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out bitch I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 (Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know 
 Ayo let me get that mic man' 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic! 
 I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit
 Denaun what up man? 
 What up dog? 
 Ya all right? 
 Chillen, cold as hell 
 Yes it is, hey Bus didn't come here did it? 
 No, hey look, you got fifteen cent? 
 Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke 
 We gotta go to the store right man quick 'cause I'm short 
 Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store? 
 Nah, look... 
 You should just, how much you got there? 
 I only got 75, you know what I'm sayin' I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean... 
 Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know 
 You know what they look, I'm sick of taking this darn bus everywhere man 
 You gotta make some moves or something 
 I know look, I'm trying to get rich, 
 I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car, 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 I still stay with my mom, 21 and still with my mom 
 Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something, 
 You know what I'm saying? 'Cause I'm tired of being broke 
 Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern 
 And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn 
 Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh 
 My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh 
 Cause man I live in the D, this crap ain't given for free 
 Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see 
 I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery 
 I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea 
 But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree 
 You missing the key, you ain't even in the vicinity 
 Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks 
 My objects were never to swab decks 
 It's up to you the decision is yours 
 If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course 
 When this shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are, you're never too far 
 From revenue huh, cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you baby, cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are, you're never too far 
 From revenue huh, cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you baby, cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are, you're never too far 
 From revenue huh 
 You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man? 
 Cause that's it 
 Yeah 
 A million dollars ain't even that far away man 
 Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life 
 Yeah I hear what your saying, 
 Look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying? 
 I can't live like this for the rest of my life man, 
 Bumming rides everywhere I go 
 Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'? 
 Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business 
 I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this 
 Financial interest is the matter at hand 
 I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand 
 I grab what I can and do what I must 
 Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose 
 The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got 
 F*** with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot 
 The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme 
 Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time 
 My crews true and divine, we never fronted 
 We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred 
 Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives 
 It's all about a man planning what his future is 
 What he can do for his to be a star 
 No matter wherever you are, you're never too far 
 From revenue huh, cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you baby, cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are, you're never too far 
 From revenue huh, cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you baby, cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are, you're never too far 
 From revenue huh 
 That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player, 
 I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President 
 Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king, 
 Making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying? 
 Yeah 
 Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that, 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know 
 You only live once 
 Ninety six baby
 Women Singing: 
 Ain't no one special, special like you 
 No one's special, special like you (3X) 
 I been searching, but you're the one I want in my life baby (4X) 
 Verse 1: Eminem 
 I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing 
 Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing 
 Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing 
 It's even tougher when sleeping 
 But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving 
 For loving and leaving, you're all I'm thinking of in the evening 
 You got my knees buckling and weakening 
 Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in 
 And interrupt when I'm speaking 
 I got some game that I'm preparing to run 
 The way your lips sparkle and they glare in the sun 
 You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun 
 Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun 
 I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a 
 Touch 
 I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good 
 The seed is passing in dust 
 I'm not asking to rush and answer me immediately 
 I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me 
 If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby) 
 'Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be 
 Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed 
 This is easily said, so you can lead or be led 
 If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found 
 Women Singing: 
 I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X) 
 Verse 2: Denaun Porter 
 Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo 
 Let's set a day up so you can fall on through 
 We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast 
 Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es 
 We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne 
 And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on 
 We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things 
 I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane 
 If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day 
 It's still all right 'cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray 
 Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear 
 You look impeccable, nothing compares 
 I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so 
 It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so 
 Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is 
 When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie 
 Women Singing: 
 I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (8X) 
 (Fades) No one special, special like you (2X)
 Police voice: 
 Attention all units, attention all units 
 We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair 
 I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair 
 He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife 
 Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's 
 He could be coming at your girlfriend next 
 There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward 
 His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward 
 He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm 
 He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm 
 Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair 
 Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there 
 He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes 
 Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good! 
 We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed 
 Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms 
 Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors 
 Locking down every block and put up metal detectors 
 Protectors and be sure that you stand close 
 Watch each others backs and guard your command post 
 And most of all be advised that he's wise 
 He could be disguised as one of your very own guys 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good! 
 I'm on a solo mission to find him personally 
 To settle the score and beat then him mercifully 
 For what he first did to me 
 It's sure to be the last 
 Following footprints with a magnifying glass 
 To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell 
 I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail 
 I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar 
 "Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya" 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good! 
 I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps 
 Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs 
 Inside the depths of his basement 
 I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place' went! 
 I saw my life flash in front of my eyes 
 I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs 
 None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed 
 Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good! 
 Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned 
 They're only powerful when you got your back turned 
 I yearned for the day that we finally met again 
 So I can give him a taste of his own medicine 
 He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean 
 I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen 
 Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home 
 Beating him over the head with the telephone 
 Police voice: 
 Attention all cars, attention all cars 
 Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect 
 He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat 
 He's going back to the crazy home, how about that? 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good! 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good! 
 I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then 
 Why I oughtta 
 Stay away from him he ain't no good!
 Men singing: 
 Jealous! (8X) 
 Girls voice: (Talking over the singing) 
 Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying? 
 He just mad 'cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying? 
 Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes! 
 He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick 
 I mean, What do I got to be jealous for? 
 He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time 
 He has no career move, I mean... 
 I come home every single day from working double shifts 
 And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts 
 I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me 
 Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously 
 Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me 
 It must be only just because you never learned to trust me 
 Plus we only squabble only irrelevant issues 
 Too many tissues, for my feelings you misuse 
 I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me 
 I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things 
 So what's a man to do when all I hand to you is handed back to me 
 You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me 
 I used to love your company now you always bugging me 
 For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me 
 So I'ma wait for your evacuation 
 Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in 
 See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure 
 So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure 
 I recommend you take your things and check them in 
 Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What? 
 Chorus: Men Singing 
 Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (8X) 
 Women's Voice: (Talking over singing) 
 Fuck you and what you going through 
 Fuck Eminem, he just mad 'cause I left that nigga for another man 
 Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money 
 Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang 
 Know what I'm saying? He just mad 'cause I'm getting it all night 
 Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about 
 Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy 
 I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments 
 I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense 
 Until the day I started following your feetprints 
 And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents 
 It made complete sense, there's someone else you like 
 So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike? 
 And you was like, **I need a new nigga** (sampled) 
 Someone rich that I could follow 
 And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow 
 Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted 
 I fell apart when you departed then the joking started 
 I was an open target, you play comedian 
 And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again 
 And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife 
 All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife 
 He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now" 
 Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down 
 You run me down and now your trying to apologize 
 For all the lies and every time you made me ball my eyes 
 Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it 
 Jealousy is in the house y'all, Fellas sing it... 
 Chorus: Men Singing 
 Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (12X)
 (Slim Shady) 
 "Eminem!" 
 (Eminem) 
 "No!" 
 (Slim Shady) 
 "Eminem!" 
 (Eminem) 
 "No!" 
 (Slim Shady Laughs) 
 "Wake the fuck up, motherfucker!" 
 (Eminem) 
 "What do you want from me?!" 
 (Slim Shady laughs again) 
 "Remember me?" 
 (Eminem) 
 "I killed you!" 
 (Slim Shady) 
 "You thought I was dead, didn't you?" 
 (Eminem) 
 "What do you want from me!?" 
 (Slim Shady) 
 "I'm alive!" 
 (Eminem) 
 "Oh, my God!" 
 (Slim Shady) 
 "Get up." 
 (Eminem) 
 "No!" 
 (Slim Shady) 
 "Get up and look in the mirror." 
 (Eminem) 
 "I don't want to!" 
 (Slim Shady) 
 "Look in the mirror, to see your reflection." 
 (Eminem) 
 "Leave me alone!" 
 (Slim Shady Laughs again) 
 "Look in the mirror --- you're nothing! you're nothing without me! 
 Look in the motherfucking mirror!" 
 (Eminem) 
 "NO!" [Glass Shatters]
 Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted 
 You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted 
 Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid" 
 Arrested, molested myself and got convicted 
 Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises 
 Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis 
 I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyl 
 Disrespectful 
 Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo 
 "Murder Murder Redrum" 
 Brain size of a bread crumb 
 Which drug will I end up dead from 
 Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated 
 "How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?" 
 Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter 
 Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder 
 Jumped out (Ah!) killed the bitch and did her 
 Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er 
 Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin' Bette Midler 
 Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler 
 Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler 
 Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her 
 (Redman Sample) 
 I'm low down and I'm shiftee 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack'em 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
 I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons 
 With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds 
 Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits 
 Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits 
 Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it 
 I'ma let your grandpa hit it 
 Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it 
 Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum 
 But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum 
 So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage 
 Losing all of my leverage 
 Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich 
 Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage 
 Smoked out like? 
 Band just making my neck itch 
 What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch 
 You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast 
 Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips 
 Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips 
 Slap hips, support domestic violence 
 Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence 
 I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking? 
 If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in 
 My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling 
 Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England 
 I'm out the game, put the second string in 
 This Brandy got my swinging 
 Bobbing back and forth like a penguin 
 Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English 
 Make your mama be like "Oh! This is good! Who sing this?" 
 "Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it 
 It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit." 
 It was predicted by a medic 
 I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic 
 Living off liquid Triametic 
 Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing 
 Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin 
 Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue 
 I think I'm dying, God is that you? 
 Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP 
 Take me to ER ASAP for and IV 
 Motherfuck JOP, they don't support no hip hop 
 They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac 
 It's politics, it's all a fix 
 Setup by these white blue collared hicks 
 Just to make a dollar off of black music 
 With a subliminal ball of tricks 
 But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks
 Spoken 
 : 
 Life; by Marshall Mathers 
 What is life? 
 Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down, and every time you think you gotten past it, it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground 
 What are friends? 
 Friends are people that you think are your friends, but they really your enemies with secret identities and disguises to hide they true colors 
 So just when you think you close enough to be brothers, they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin' 
 What is money? 
 Money is what makes a man act funny 
 Money is the root of all evil 
 Money'll make them same friends come back around, swearing that they was always down! 
 What is life? 
 I'm tired of life! 
 I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins 
 I'm tired of committing so many sins 
 Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins 
 Tired of never having any ends 
 Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins 
 I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins 
 Tired of not having a deal 
 Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel 
 Tired of drowning in my sorrow 
 Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo 
 I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off 
 I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour 
 Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off 
 I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough 
 Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk 
 For this jerk breathing down my neck, driving me berserk 
 I'm tired of using plastic silverware 
 Tired of working in Building Square, tired of not being a millionaire 
 But if I had a million dollars 
 I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics 
 If I had a magic wand 
 I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john 
 If I had a million bucks 
 It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks 
 If I had one wish 
 I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss 
 I'm tired of being white trash: broke and always poor 
 Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store 
 Tired of not having a phone 
 Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have one on 
 Tired of not driving a BM 
 Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him 
 Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM 
 Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum 
 Tired of not being on tour 
 Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour 
 I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones 
 Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns 
 Tired of being stared at 
 Tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat 
 Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz 
 Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs 
 Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me 
 Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me" 
 I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs 
 Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives" 
 But if I had a million dollars 
 I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics 
 If I had a magic wand 
 I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john 
 If I had a million bucks 
 It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks 
 If I had one wish 
 I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss 
 Spoken 
 : 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 I'm tired of all of this bullshit! 
 Telling me to be positive? 
 How'm I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?! 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I rap about shit around me, shit I see, know what I'm sayin'? 
 Right now I'm tired of everything! 
 Tired of all this playa hating that's going on in my own city, can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 Just fed up! 
 That's my word!
 Whoa! 
 A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin' 'em 
 And like, back and forth because ah 
 This is... what you thought it wasn't... 
 It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen 
 I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing* 
 And check out the man he goes by the name of er... 
 Slim Shady, brain dead like Jan Brady 
 I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady 
 I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 
 You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from 
 You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album 
 Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open 
 I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then 
 My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic 
 (Hi Marshall) 
 I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
 Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash 
 Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass 
 Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin 
 You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson 
 The Proof is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton 
 I'll slit your motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman 
 So when you see me on your block with two glocks 
 Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuck!! 
 I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone 
 I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone 
 I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
 I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin' 
 Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview 
 I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review 
 I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
 This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols 
 But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
 Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials 
 (Bye-bye!) 
 Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion 
 Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion 
 The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
 Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
 Half animal, half man 
 Dumpin' your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can 
 With more holes than an Afghan 
 So when you see me on your block with two glocks 
 Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuck!! 
 Somebody let me out this limousine 
 (Hey, let me out!) 
 I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine 
 I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin' 
 Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion 
 Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin' the sacred treasure 
 I'll bite your motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher 
 I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
 Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes 
 In school I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush 
 Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush 
 Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
 Went to gym in 8th grade, raped the women's swim team 
 Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian 
 Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again 
 I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median 
 Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in 
 So when you see me on your block with two glocks 
 Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuck!! 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you fin' ta get stuck, stoned and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuck!! 
 Shit, fuck everyone! 
 Outsidaz... 
 Pace One... 
 Young Zee... 
 Fuck the entire world!
 Intro: Frogg 
 Whoa! 
 A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em 
 And like, back and forth because ah 
 This is... what you thought it wasn't 
 It beez... the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen 
 I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background* 
 And check out the man he goes by the name of er... 
 Verse One: Eminem 
 Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady 
 I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady 
 I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 
 You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from 
 You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album 
 Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open 
 I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then 
 My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) 
 I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
 Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash 
 Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass 
 Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin 
 You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson 
 The +Proof+ is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton 
 I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman 
 So when you see me on your block with two glocks 
 Screamin Fuck the World like Tupac 
 I just don't give a fuuuuuck! 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuuuuuck! 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuuuuuck! 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck! 
 Verse Two: Eminem 
 I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone 
 I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone 
 I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
 I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin 
 Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview 
 I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review 
 I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
 This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols 
 But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
 Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!) 
 Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion 
 Pathological liar, blowin' shit out of proportion 
 The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
 Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
 Half animal, half man 
 Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can 
 With more holes than an Afghan 
 Verse Three: Eminem 
 Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) 
 I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine 
 I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin 
 Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion 
 Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure 
 I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher 
 I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
 Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes 
 In school I never said much, too busy havin' a headrush 
 Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush 
 Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
 Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team 
 Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian 
 Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin' weed again 
 I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median 
 Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in 
 Outro: Eminem 
 Hey, fuck that! 
 Outsidaz... 
 Pace One... 
 Young Zee...
 Come on hey hey we goin' to the beach 
 Grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat 
 Where's Mama? 
 She's takin' a little nap in the trunk 
 Oh that smell dada must have run over a skunk 
 Now I know what you're thinkin': 
 It's kind of late to go swimmin' 
 But you know your mama she's one of those types of women 
 Who does crazy things and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit 
 Don't play with daddy's toy knife, honey, let go of it 
 And don't be so upset, why you actin' bashful? 
 Don't you wanna help dadda build a sand castle? 
 And mama said she wants to show how far she can float 
 And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
 It's just a little scratch it don't hurt 
 Her was eatin' dinner while you was sleepin' and spilled ketchup on her shirt 
 Mama's messy, isn't she, we'll let her wash off in the water 
 And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we? 
 Just the two of us (sung) repeat 8-9 times 
 There's a place called heaven and a place called hell 
 A place called prison and a place called jail 
 And dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one 
 'Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
 And you don't want a brother do ya? (Na) 
 Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better, I'll explain it to ya 
 But for now we'll just say that mama was real, real bad 
 She was bein' mean to dad and made him real, real mad 
 But I still feel sad that I put her in time out 
 Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin' to climb out 
 I told you it's okay, hey hey, wanna baba? 
 Take a night-night, nana-boo, goo-goo ga-ga 
 Humma goo-goo caca, dad'll change your dighty 
 Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty 
 You're dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water 
 '97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter 
 Just the two of us (sung) 
 Wake up sleepy head we're here 
 Before we play, we're gonna take mama for a little walk along the pier 
 Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea 
 Mama's too sleepy to hear you screamin' in her ear 
 That's why you can't get her to wake 
 But don't worry, dada made a nice bed for mama at the bottom of the lake 
 Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? 
 We'll tie it to her footsies then will roll her off the dock 
 Ready now, here we go, on the count of three 
 One, two, three... weeeeeeeeee 
 There goes mama splashin' in the water 
 No more fightin' your dad, no more restrainin' order 
 No more step dada, no more new brother 
 Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her 
 We'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk 
 But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk 
 Just the two of us (sung)
 Bizarre 
 Yeah... ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you 
 Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha 
 No one's iller than me (wha?) 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 No one is iller than me 
 It's Mr. Swifty from the 313... 
 Swift 
 I make rappers wanna turn into singers 
 I keep hoes lickin' they fingers 
 Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
 Got your whole crew doing subpeonas 
 Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius 
 Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters 
 Keep it close, you can't beat us 
 While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this 
 I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin' rejects 
 While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret 
 That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell 
 From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals 
 I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail 
 Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well 
 Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials 
 Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels 
 Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now 
 Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how? 
 I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild 
 Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW! 
 It's Swifty from the 313 
 Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh! 
 Fuzz 
 Me and Eminem and Mike 
 Drivin' down Van Dyke 
 Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite 
 Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason 
 Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin' 
 Last week this old man I had to blast 
 'Cause he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas 
 Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook 
 Didn't realize it was my grandmother till I checked her pocketbook 
 Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack 
 Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at 
 I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should 
 This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good! 
 Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
 Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"! 
 My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece 
 'Cause she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 
 Eminem 
 Nobody better test me, 'cause I don't wanna get messy 
 Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly 
 New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs 
 Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs 
 True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs 
 Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs 
 Down a fifth, crack open a six 
 I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss 
 I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends 
 Who gives a fuck who they was 
 I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does 
 They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz? 
 We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz 
 Mics get sandblasted 
 Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid 
 Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it 
 Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket 
 Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted 
 Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic 
 Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic 
 Furious four motherfuckers 
 Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters 
 Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me 
 Fuzz 
 I run shit like an ass with legs 
 Massive lead to leave your cabbage red 
 Similar to your ass in a casket dead 
 Drastic spread of acid heads 
 Come to abort you like a bastard egg 
 That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs 
 Ask the feds from past the edge 
 Rockin' the most classic threads 
 Flashin' bread, roll down the window 
 Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get till that ass get red 
 You can get till that ass get red 
 Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him 
 I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem 
 Never writer's block, I block writers 
 My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters 
 Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick 
 Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK! 
 And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..." 
 Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit 
 Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick 
 Sick a-y'all niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits 
 I shoot a rocket through your optic 
 You niggaz still don't know the top pick? 
 I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass 
 And have you shittin' socks bitch! 
 We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split 
 Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits 
 (No one...) 
 Ain't nobody iller than me 
 Bizarre 
 It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 It's Eminem and Swift from the 313 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313 
 You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees! 
 From the home of potholes and trash 
 We'll lyrically blast...
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
 Left the keys in the van, with a Gat in each hand 
 Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman 
 Fuck a peace plan if a citizen bystands 
 This shit is in my hands, here's your life span 
 And for what your life's worth this money is twice that 
 Grab a couple grand and lay-up in Iceland 
 See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan 
 I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin' 
 Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin' 
 Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin' 
 I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan 
 Maybe I need my head inside straightened 
 Brain contemplatin', clean out the register 
 Dip before somebody catches ya 
 Or gets your description an' sketches ya 
 Then connects you as the prime suspect 
 But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet 
 'Cause I got a daughter to feed 
 And $200 ain't enough to water the seed 
 The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King 
 And have the lady at the desk bring 
 Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the MAC 
 Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack 
 This bitch tried to escape in the jack 
 Grabbed her by the throat, it's Murder She Wrote 
 You barely heard a word as she choked 
 It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked 
 Then I slammed her on her back till her vertebrae broke 
 Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!" 
 But I'm already wanted for sellin' ki's 
 And a bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees 
 So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees 
 I bust shots, they bust back 
 Hit me square in the chest, I wasn't wearin' a vest... 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
 Left the house, pullin' out the drive, backin' out 
 (?) Backin' out, this lady's Jag started blackin' out 
 Pulled the MAC-10 out and stuck it in her face 
 Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp 
 Drug her by her hair, smacked her up 
 Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up 
 Stole her car, made a profit 
 Grabbed a tape from out the deck and offed it out the window 
 Like the girl on Set It Off did 
 Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal 
 Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool 
 Climbed out and collapsed on the patio 
 I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though 
 Parents screamin', "Johnny, go in and call the police. 
 Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" 
 Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up 
 Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff 
 Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a (?) before 
 Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 
 When they sell out in stores the price triples 
 I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles 
 And collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries 
 There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties 
 Stood up and started to see stars 
 Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars 
 Barely escaped, must o' been some dumb-luck 
 Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck 
 But I think somebody seen me maybe 
 Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must o' dropped the Beanie Baby 
 Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits 
 Came out with a white flag hollerin' "Truce, truce!" (Don't shoot!) 
 Surrendered my weapon to cops. 
 "Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps." 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 All I see is murder murder, my mind state 
 Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! 
 (Scratches to fade out)
 Jeff Bass 
 This is a public Service Announcement brought to you 
 In part, by Slim Shady 
 The views and events expressed here are totally fucked 
 And are not necessarily the views of anyone 
 However, the events and suggestions that appear 
 On this album are not to be taken lightly 
 Children should not partake in the listening 
 Of this album with laces in their shoes 
 Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions 
 Upon purchasing this album 
 You have agreed not to try this at home 
 Anything else? 
 Eminem 
 Yeah, Don't do drugs
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 (Ahem. Excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second?) 
 Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah-yeah-yeah!) 
 Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!) 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) 
 Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?) 
 My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Umm...) 
 And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!" 
 Uh-uh! "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted!" 
 Well, since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else 
 'Cause I hung my original self, from the top bunk with a belt 
 Got pissed off, and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off 
 And smacked her so hard, I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
 I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass 
 Faster than a fat bitch, who sat down too fast 
 C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!) 
 I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! 
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high 
 Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five 
 I smacked him in his face with an eraser 
 Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow-w-w-w!) 
 Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
 Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup 
 Extra-terrestrial, running over pedestrians 
 In a spaceship, while they're screamin' at me, "Let's just be friends!" 
 Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to 
 I just found out, my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!) 
 I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
 Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you!) 
 You know you blew up when the women rush the stands 
 And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans (Ahh! Ahhhhh!) 
 This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) 
 So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!' 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) 
 Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate! 
 I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!) 
 I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup!) 
 Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide 
 I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead) 
 All my life I was very deprived 
 I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!) 
 Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (Hahh-too) 
 I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) 
 When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
 How ya gonna breastfeed me, mom?! You ain't got no tits! (Waah, wahh!) 
 I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
 Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!) 
 I'm steamin' mad, (Arrhh!) and by the way when you see my dad (Yeah?) 
 Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had 
 Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Who?) My name is... 
 (Huh?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is... 
 (Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 As heard on: Curtain Call: The Hits 
 My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high, the only problem was, my English teacher was a guy 
 Extra-terrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians, while they screamin' "Let's just be friends!
 Narrator 
 Meet Eddie, 23 years old. 
 Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. 
 (I can't take this no more. I can't take it no more, homes.) 
 But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart. 
 And suddenly, his conscience comes into play. 
 Dr. Dre 
 Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door 
 Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer 
 You'd better think of the consequence 
 (But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience. 
 Eminem 
 That's nonsense. 
 Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs. (Can I borrow this?) 
 Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days 
 If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades 
 Dr. Dre 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you. 
 Think about it, before you walk in the door first. 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older then George Burns. 
 Eminem 
 Fuck that. Do that shit. Shoot that bitch. 
 Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? 
 Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? 
 Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Man, don't do it. It's not worth it to risk it. (You're right.) 
 Not over this shit. (Stop!) 
 Drop the biscuit. (I will!) 
 Don't even listen to Slim, yo. He's bad for you. 
 Eminem 
 You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude. 
 (It's all right, c'mon, just come in here for a minute.) 
 (Mmm, I don't know.) 
 (Look, baby.) 
 (Damn!) 
 (Look, it's gonna be all right, right?) 
 (Well, okay.) 
 Narrator 
 Meet Stan, 21 years old. 
 After meeting a young girl at a rave party, 
 Thing's start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. 
 Once again, his conscience comes into play. 
 Eminem 
 Now listen to me: while you're kissin' her cheek 
 Smearin' her lipstick, 
 I slip this in her drink. 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe... 
 Dr. Dre 
 Yo, this girl's only 15 years old. 
 You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair. 
 Eminem 
 Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh-huh.) 
 Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare 
 Till she passes out and she forgot how she got there. 
 Dr. Dre 
 Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie 
 Kids 
 ? 
 Eminem 
 No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest! 
 Dr. Dre 
 Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail? 
 Eminem 
 Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail. 
 (Hee. It feels good to be home.) 
 Narrator 
 Meet Grady, a 29 year old construction worker. 
 After coming home from a hard day's work, 
 He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
 To find his wife in bed with another man. 
 (What the fuck?!) 
 (Grady!!) 
 Dr. Dre 
 Alright, calm down. Relax, start breathin'. 
 Eminem 
 Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'. 
 While you at work, she's with some dude, tryin' to get off? 
 Fuck slittin' her throat! Cut this bitch's head off!! 
 Dr. Dre 
 Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit? 
 Eminem 
 What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Alright, Shady. 
 Maybe he's right, Grady. 
 But think about the baby, 
 Before you get all crazy. 
 Eminem 
 Okay! Thought about it. Still wanna stab her? 
 Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her 
 That's what I did. Be smart, don't be a retard. 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes!? 
 Dr. Dre 
 What'd you say? 
 Eminem 
 What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Imma kill you, motherfucker! 
 Eminem 
 Ah-ah, temper, temper! 
 Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK 
 Coming straight outta Compton, y'all better make way? 
 How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 Dr. Dre 
 'Cuz he don't need to go the same route that I went. 
 Been there, done that. 
 Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'? 
 Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at? 
 *gunshots*
 Scalpel 
 (Here) 
 Sponge 
 (Here) 
 Wait, he's convulsing, he's convulsing 
 (Ah) 
 We're gonna have to shock him (Oh my, oh my God) 
 We're gonna have to shock him (Oh my God) 
 These are the results of a thousand electric volts 
 A neck with bolts, (Nurse we're losin' him, check the pulse) 
 A kid who refused to respect adults 
 Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose 
 A corny lookin' white boy, scrawny and always ornery 
 'Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin' on me 
 And I might snap, one day just like that 
 I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack 
 My first day in junior high, this kid said 
 "It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die" 
 I looked at my watch it was 1:20 
 (I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?) 
 He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse" 
 My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first 
 Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works" 
 I screamed, "Ow, my appendix feels like they could burst 
 Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse" 
 (What's the matter?) I don't know, my leg, it hurts" 
 (Leg? I thought you said it was your tummy?) 
 Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee 
 (Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over 
 And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework) 
 But don't you wanna give me after school detention? 
 (Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'mma let him) 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage 
 Way before my baby daughter Hailey 
 I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey 
 An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, 'cause his father boxes 
 So everyday he'd shove me in the lockers 
 One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin' 
 And had me in the position to beat me into submission 
 He banged my head against the urinal till he broke my nose 
 Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat 
 I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef" 
 But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin' me and I couldn't breathe 
 He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey" 
 The principal walked in (What's going on in here?) 
 And started helpin' him stomp me 
 I made them think they beat me to death 
 Holdin' my breath for like five minutes before they finally left 
 Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth 
 Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws 
 Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools 
 "This is for every time you took my orange juice 
 Or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk 
 Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt 
 I'm gettin' you back bully, now once and for good" 
 I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could 
 And beat him over the head with it till I broke the wood 
 Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot 
 Made it home, later that same day 
 Started reading a comic and suddenly everything became gray 
 I couldn't even see what I was tryna to read 
 I went deaf and my left ear started to bleed 
 My mother started screamin', "What are you on, drugs? 
 Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug" (Sorry) 
 She beat me over the head with the remote control 
 Opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull 
 I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?" 
 (Oh my God, I'm sorry son) Shut up you cunt 
 I said, "Fuck it," took it and stuck it back up in my head 
 Then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage 
 It's brain damage 
 I got brain damage 
 It's brain damage 
 It's probably brain damage 
 It's brain damage 
 Brain damage 
 I got brain damage 
 It's brain damage
 As heard on 
 The Slim Shady LP 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 DQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252 
 Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law. 
 Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you. 
 Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain. 
 Gimme a call. 
 As heard on 
 The Marshall Mathers LP 
 Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul. 
 Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh* 
 Fuck it. 
 *Hangs Up* 
 As heard on 
 The Eminem Show 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 VL75Lf027B8|209|252 
 Em, it's Paul. 
 Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio, 
 shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range. 
 I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home. 
 You're gonna get yourself in trouble. 
 Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you. 
 Leave your fucking gun at home. 
 *Hangs up* 
 As heard on 
 Encore 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 KtbOED0Ag4o|209|252 
 Hey Em, it's Paul. 
 Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm, 
 Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video. 
 And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm... 
 Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm. 
 I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up* 
 As heard on 
 Relapse 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 yrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252 
 Em, it's Paul. 
 Uhm, I just listened to the entire album. 
 And you gotta be fucking kidding me. 
 I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right? 
 And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing? 
 I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it. 
 I'm done. 
 *Hangs Up*
 Just the two of us (Baby your dada loves you) (Hey) 
 Just the two of us 
 Just the two of us (And I'mma always be here for you) (Hey) 
 Just the two of us (No matter what happens) 
 Just the two of us (You're all I got in this world) 
 Just the two of us (I would never give you up for nothin' 
 Just the two of us (Nobody in this world) 
 Just the two of us (Is ever gonna keep you from me, I love you) 
 C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach 
 Grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat 
 Oh where's mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk 
 Oh that smell (Whew), dada must've runned over a skunk 
 Now I know what you're thinkin', it's kind of late to go swimmin' 
 But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women 
 That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit 
 Don't play with dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (No) 
 And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful? 
 Don't you want to help dada build a sand castle? (Yeah) 
 And mama said she wants to show you how far she can float 
 And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
 It's just a little scratch, it don't hurt 
 Her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin' and spilled ketchup on her shirt 
 Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water 
 And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we? 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I) 
 See honey, there's a place called Heaven and a place called Hell 
 A place called prison and a place called jail 
 And dada's probably on his way to all of them except one 
 'Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
 And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) 
 Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya 
 But for now we'll just say mama was real, real bad 
 She was bein' mean to dad and made him real, real mad 
 But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out 
 Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (Wah) 
 I told you it's okay Hai Hai, wanna ba-ba? 
 Take a night-night? Nana-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? 
 Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Dada change your dia-dee 
 Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty 
 Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water 
 '97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I) 
 Wake up, sweepy head, we're here 
 Before we pway, we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier 
 Baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea 
 Mama's too sweepy to hear you screaming in her ear (Mama?) 
 That's why you can't get her to wake 
 But don't worry, dada made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake 
 Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? (Yeah) 
 We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock 
 Ready now, here we go, on the count of free 
 One, two, free, whee 
 There goes mama, spwashin' in the water 
 No more fighting with dad, no more restraining order 
 No more step-dada, no more new brother 
 Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you wuv her (Mommy?) 
 Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk 
 But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride) 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I) 
 Just the two of us (Just me and you baby) 
 Just the two of us (Is all we need in this world) 
 Just the two of us (Just me and you) 
 Just the two of us 
 Your dada will always be there for you 
 Your dada's always gonna love you, remember that 
 If you ever need me I'mma always be here for you 
 If you ever need anything, just ask 
 Dada will be right there 
 Your dada loves you 
 I love you baby
 *Girl talking on phone* 
 Justin, its Zoe, Um Kellie did not have me call you 
 However I just listened to Eminem in her car 
 It is the most disgusting thing I have ever heard 
 In my entire life and I seriously want to call his 
 Fucking agent and tell them how fucking disgusting he is 
 It like makes me upset, I am now nauseous and I cant eat lunch 
 Goodbye
 Spoken 
 : 
 Ok, I'm going to attempt to drown myself. 
 You can try this at home. 
 You can be just like me. 
 Mic check 1 2, we recordin'? 
 I'm cancerous, 
 so when I diss you wouldn't wanna answer this 
 If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for 
 Canibus 
 I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again 
 And break your fuckin' legs till your bones poke through your skin (Ahh) 
 You've beef with me, I'ma even the score equally: 
 Take you on 
 Jerry Springer 
 and beat your ass legally! 
 I get too blunted off of funny home grown 
 'Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than 
 Sonny Bono 
 (Oh no!) 
 So if I said I never did drugs, 
 That would mean I lie 
 and 
 get fucked more that the president does! 
 Hillary Clinton 
 tried to slap me and call me a pervert 
 I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet! (bitch!) 
 My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge 
 Grabbed 
 Vanilla Ice 
 and ripped out his blonde dreads (C'mere, motherfucker!) 
 Every girl I ever went out with is goin' les' 
 Follow me and do exactly what the song says: 
 Smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink 
 Jump behind the wheel like it was still legal 
 I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal 
 So I'm dumb enough to ask a for date with 
 Lauryn Hill 
 Some people only see that I'm white, ignoring skill 
 'Cause I stand out like a green hat with an orange bill 
 But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist 
 How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist! 
 I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave, 
 Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave 
 My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? 
 And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? 
 Now follow me and do exactly what you see 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I slap women and eat shrooms, then O.D. 
 Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 Me and 
 Marcus Allen 
 went over to see 
 Nicole 
 When we heard a knock on the door (knock), must've been 
 Ron Gold 
 Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold 
 Killed 'em both then smeared blood on the white Bronco (We did it!) 
 My mind won't work 
 If my spine don't jerk 
 I slapped 
 Garth Brooks 
 out of his rhinestone shirt 
 I'm not a player just an ill rhyme-sayer 
 That'll spray an aerosol can up at the ozone layer (*psssssssh*) 
 My rap style's warped 
 I'm runnin' out the morgue 
 With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch (*scream*) 
 Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on 
 And beat up 
 Foghorn Leghorn 
 With an acorn 
 I'm about as normal as 
 Norman Bates 
 with deformative traits 
 A premature birth that was four minutes late 
 "Mother, are you there? I love you! 
 I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel!" (*evil laugh*) 
 Will someone please explain 
 To my brain 
 That I just severed a main vein 
 With a chainsaw and I'm in pain? 
 I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high 
 Or I'm nuts, 'cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am I 
 So when you see your mom with a thermometer 
 Shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her 
 'Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with 
 I bought 
 Cage's 
 tape, opened it and dubbed over it 
 I came to the club drunk and with a fake ID 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I've been with 10 women who got 
 HIV 
 Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I got 
 genital warts 
 and it burns when I pee 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree 
 You probably wanna grow up the just like me!
 (For all the ladies out there) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 And now you're lying in the corner crying
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 (Eminem) 
 I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave 
 And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved (whistle) 
 A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up 
 With first aid tape and raped on the first date 
 Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin' 
 Who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?) 
 Told me she was goin' back into usin' again (Nah!) 
 I said, "Wait, first try this hallucinogen 
 It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin 
 C'mere, let's go in here" *knocks on the door* 
 "Who's in the den?" 
 (R) "It's me and Kelly!" 
 "My bad, (sorry) let's try another room" 
 (S) "I don't trust you!" 
 "Shut up slut! Chew up this mushroom 
 This'll help you get in touch with your roots 
 We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods 
 (S) "Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party's so drag" 
 "Oh, dag! I didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag!" (Huh?!) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 (I'm sorry!) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 Yo Sue 
 (S) "Get away from me! I don't know you" 
 Oh shoot, she's tripping 
 (S) "I need to go puke" 
 I wasn't trying to turn this into something major 
 I just wanted to make you appreciate nature 
 Susan, stop crying I don't hate ya 
 The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped ya 
 So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth 
 That ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out 
 She said (S) "Help me, Slim, I think I'm having a seizure!" 
 I said "I'm high too bitch, quit grabbing my t-shirt! (let go) 
 Will you calm down, Sue? You're starting to scare me." 
 She said (S) "I'm 26 years old and I'm not married! 
 I don't even have any kids and I can't cook!" 
 I'm over here Sue, you're talking to the plant look 
 We need to get to a hospital before it's too late 
 'Cause I never seen no one eat as many shrooms as you ate 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 (It was an accident!) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 Susan (wait) where you going, you better be careful 
 (S) "Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of getting my hair pulled!" 
 I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue 
 Want some gum? Put down the scissors before you do something dumb 
 I'll be right back, just chill baby please 
 I gotta go find Dave, he's the one who gave me these 
 John where's Dave at before I bash you 
 (J) "He's in the bathroom, I think he's taking a crap dude!" 
 Dave pull up your pants, we need an ambulance 
 There's a girl upstairs talking to plants, chopping her hair off 
 And there's only two days left of spring break, 
 How long does it take for these things to wear off? 
 (D) "Well it depends on how many you had" 
 I took 3, she eat the other 22 caps 
 Now she's upstairs crying out her eyeballs, drinking Lysol 
 (D) "She's gonna die, dude!" 
 I know and it's my fault (My God!) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 (I'm sorry!) 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 (What did I do?) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 My god, I'm so sorry! I'm so SORRY! 
 Susan, please wake up! 
 Please! Please WAKE UP! What are you doing? 
 You're not dead! You're not dead! 
 I know you're not dead... 
 Wake up... 
 Susan, wake up... 
 Oh, my God...
 As heard on 
 The Slim Shady LP 
 Ken: Let's call this motherfucker 
 (Dials operator) 
 Ken: Oh, fuck yeah... give him a piece of my mind... piece of my ass 
 (Operator comes on) 
 Operator: Thanks for waiting. Hello, may I help you? 
 Ken: Oh, thank you. I need to make a collect call 
 Operator: What number? 
 Ken: Oh... the number's (censored) 
 Operator: At the tone, please say your name 
 (Beep) 
 Ken: Kenneth Kaniff, from Connecticut. (connecting) Automated piece of shit 
 Eminem: Yo? 
 Ken: Hey there, cock boy 
 Eminem: Who's this? 
 Ken: This is Ken Kaniff 
 Eminem: Who? 
 Ken: Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, you lil' bitch 
 Eminem: From Connecticut? 
 Ken: Yeah, you wanna... 
 Eminem: I don't know nobody in Connecticut 
 Ken: You wanna get a hotel room with me? 
 Eminem: A hotel room? 
 Ken: Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM? 
 Eminem: (laughs) Yo, who is this? Cage? 
 Ken: (laughing) You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, ya lil' cock boy 
 Eminem: (snickers) Yo, shut up, you lil' bitch 
 Ken: Oh, you think I'm lying, huh? 
 Eminem: (laughing out loud) 
 Ken: Ugh 
 As heard on 
 The Marshall Mathers LP 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 3aSMFdc9aJs|209|252 
 (Sucking noises/piano music in background) 
 Ken:Uhhhh... Yeah... Oh suck it... Oh, fuck yeah! Oh Shaggy... Uhh... 
 This is why they call you 2Dope, ain't it? 
 Uhh Fuck yeah! 
 Okay now take it out, take it out 
 Now give some to Jay... Oh, Violent Jay... Don't Bite it, don't be violent with it, just suck it, nice and slow... 
 Uhhhh, Oh fuck yeah, now give it back to Shaggy, he was suckin' it better. Uhh, now say my name! 
 Shagggy2Dope: Eminem! 
 Ken: Say my name! 
 Shaggy2Dope: Eminem! 
 Ken: WHAT?! Ah, Fuck you guys! Give me my dick back! (zips pants up) Fuck you guys! If you want Eminem, you can HAVE Eminem! Fuck you guys! I'm leavin! 
 Shaggy2Dope: Ken, wait! 
 (Ken slams door) 
 Shaggy2Dope: Uh, damn! 
 Violent Jay: Nice going, Shaggy!
 Yo, mic check (Haha, whoo, shit) 
 Testing one, two, um, twelve 
 What up? What up? What up? (Outsidaz) 
 This is my dance song, can you hear me? 
 (Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee) Alright, ay turn my headphones up 
 My favorite color is red, like the blood shed 
 From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead 
 Women all grabbin' at my shish-kabob 
 Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve (I cant stand white people) 
 You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so 
 Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat 
 I got a wardrobe with an orange robe 
 I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show 
 I just remembered that I'm absent-minded 
 Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it 
 I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit 
 'Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit 
 I told the doc I need a change in sickness 
 And gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis 
 Put my LP on your Christmas gift list 
 You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this 
 Eminem and Dina Rae: 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Eminem: 
 I tried suicide once and I'll try it again 
 That's why I write songs where I die at the end 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck 
 And I was wavin' it at everybody screaming, "I suck" (I suck) 
 I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd 
 And yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now" 
 Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up y'all, I'm sorry 
 (But Eminem this is your record release party) 
 I'm bored out of my gourd 
 So I took a hammer and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford 
 Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard 
 Who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket 
 One Excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet 
 I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage 
 And if you ever see a video for this shit 
 I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit 
 Eminem and Dina Rae: 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Eminem: 
 Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit 
 'Cause they think that I'm a mothafuckin' Beastie Boy 
 So I told 'em I was Mike D 
 They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be" 
 I told 'em "meet me at Kid Rock's next concert 
 I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness Monster" 
 Peace out, then I jetted to the weed house 
 Smoked out till I started bustin' freestyles 
 Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick 
 Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick 
 Made a couple of crank calls collect 
 (It's Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?) 
 I want to make songs all the fellas dub 
 And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of 
 So just remember when I bomb your set 
 Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset 
 Eminem and Dina Rae: 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
 Spoken 
 : 
 Hey yo! 
 This song is dedicated to all the happy people. 
 All the happy people, who have real nice lives, and have no idea whats it like, to be broke as fuck. 
 I feel like I'm walking a tight rope without a circus net 
 Poppin' Percocet, I'm a nervous wreck 
 I deserve respect, but I work a sweat for this worthless check 
 'Bout to burst this tech at somebody to reverse this debt 
 Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged 
 Full of venom and rage, especially when I'm engaged 
 And my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper 
 I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer 
 Watchin' ballers while they flossin' in their Pathfinders 
 These overnight stars, becoming autograph signers 
 We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us 
 Along with the small-fry's and average half-pinters 
 But player haters turnin' bitch like they have vagina's 
 'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us 
 Money will brainwash you and leave your ass mindless 
 Snakes slither in the grass spineless 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 My life is full of empty promises, and broken dreams 
 I'm hoping things look up, but there ain't no job openings 
 I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished 
 Livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished 
 And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay 
 And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day 
 But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play 
 'Cause when we die, we know we all going the same way 
 'Cause it's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan 
 When all you need is bucks to be the man 
 Plus a luxury sedan, comfortable and roomy in a six 
 But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics 
 Who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of cess a day 
 And yesterday went by so quick, it seems like it was just today 
 My daughter wants to throw the ball, but I'm too stressed to play 
 Live half my life and throw the rest away 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 There's people that love me and people that hate me 
 But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful and shady 
 I want the money, the women, the fortune and fame 
 If it means I end up burning in hell, scorching in flames 
 If it means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name 
 This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain 
 'Cause right now, I feel like just hit the rock bottom 
 I got problems, now everybody on my blocks got 'em 
 I'm screaming like them two cops, when 
 2Pac 
 shot 'em 
 Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em 
 My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or sock's on 'em 
 And them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em 
 And while you flaunt 'em, I could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em 
 I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch, you want 'em 
 'Cause I never went gold off one song 
 I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom
 Roger and Montgomery: 
 Skylar Montgomery? 
 (What do you want from me Roger?) 
 I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica 
 (Wait a minute, you hold it right there 
 Me and that woman love each other) 
 Love? What do you know of love? 
 (We were destined to be together 
 I met her on the beach) 
 Are you out to destroy me? 
 (No, Roger, that's not what I want to do 
 I love her, and we're gonna be together) 
 Never
 I dont know why this world keeps turning 
 Round and Round 
 But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now 
 Yes man 
 As the World Turns 
 We all experience things in life 
 Trials and Tribulations 
 That we all must go through 
 When someone wants to test us 
 When someone tries our patience 
 I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters 
 Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns 
 Outsiders baby and we suing the courts 
 Cuz we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source 
 They never should've booted me out of reform school 
 Deformed fool, takin a shit in a warm pool 
 So they threw me out the Ramada Inn 
 I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!) 
 It all started when my mother took my bike away 
 'Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave 
 After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers 
 Slappin teachers and jackin off in front of my counselors 
 Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman 
 Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessin' 
 And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead 
 He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed 
 Maybe true, till I told this bitch in gym class 
 That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?) 
 Yeah bitch, you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig 
 She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig 
 Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig 
 I felt the evilness and started transformin, (RARRRR!) 
 It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming 
 Grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground 
 And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down 
 Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop 
 While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop 
 As the World Turns 
 These are the days of our lives 
 These are the things that we must go through 
 Day by day 
 We drive around in million dollar sports cars 
 While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards 
 Outsiders and we suing the courts 
 Cuz we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source 
 Hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundry-mat 
 Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at 
 Dressed like a sailor, standin by a pale of garbage 
 Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch 
 I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya" 
 I'd like to treat ya to a faygo and a slice of pizza 
 But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month 
 But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt 
 But I aint got no weed, no phillies, or no papers 
 Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist 
 So gimme all your money and don't try nothin funny 
 'Cause you know your stinkin ass is too fat to try to out run me 
 I went to grab my gun 
 Thats when her ass put it on me 
 Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry 
 I fell through the glass doors, started causin a scene 
 Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washin machine 
 Jumped up with a broken back 
 Thank god I was smokin crack all day and doped up off coke and smack 
 All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse 
 Now I wanna kill her, but so I gotta catch her first 
 Ran through alleys, parkin lots and took a shortcut 
 Saw the house she ran up in and shot her fuckin porch up 
 Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut 
 Looked around the room, that's when I seen the bedroom door shut 
 I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked! 
 You might as well come out now 
 She said "Come in, its unlocked!" 
 I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne 
 And seen her spread across the bed naked watchin' gay porn 
 She said "Come here big boy, lets get acquainted" 
 I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it 
 She came at me at full speed, nothin could stop her 
 I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her 
 I started to beg "No, please let go" 
 But she swallowed my fuckin leg whole like an egg roll 
 With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled 
 I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple 
 Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick 
 Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick! 
 Whipped that shit out, and aint no doubt about it 
 It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage 
 I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!" 
 Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ahh!! Ahhh!) 
 Come here bitch! 
 Come here! 
 Take this motherfuckin dick! 
 Bitch, come here! 
 And as we go along 
 Throughout the days of our lives 
 We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday 
 That we must go through 
 These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere 
 Every day 
 Every single day the world keeps turning 
 keeps turning
 Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (Huh?) 
 Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl (I did) 
 Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl 
 Sold a billion tapes and still screamed fuck the world 
 (Slim Shady) 
 So come and kill me while my name's hot 
 And shoot me twenty five times in the same spot (Ow) 
 Think I've got a generation brainwashed 
 To pop pills and smoke pot till they brains rot (Uh, oh?) 
 Stop they blood flow until they veins clot 
 I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch 
 Purple haze 
 and acid raindrops 
 Spike the punch at the party and drain pop (gulp gulp) 
 Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top 
 Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop 
 Gotta make 'em fear you before you make 'em feel you 
 So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free 
 You know me I'm your friend when you need a mini thin(Slim Shady) 
 I'm Shady 
 I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (Uh huh huh) 
 I like birds, bees, I like people 
 I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful 
 Like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!) 
 The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike 
 While I blow my brain out just to see what it feels like 
 And this is how I am in real life 
 I don't want to just die a normal death 
 I wanna be killed twice (Uh huh) 
 How you wanna scare somebody with a gun threat 
 When they're high off of drugs they haven't even done yet 
 So bring the money by tonight 
 'Cause your wife says this is the biggest knife 
 She ever saw in her life (Help me help me) 
 I try to keep it positive and play it cool 
 Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school 
 (Stay in school!) 
 'Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better 
 Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free 
 You know me I'm your friend when you need a mini thin (Slim Shady) 
 I'm Shady 
 I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
 (Aw that shit is wack) 
 Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit (What????) 
 People don't buy shit no more they just dub it 
 That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit 
 (Yup, uh huh) 
 But they love it when you make your business public 
 So fuck it, I've got herpes while we're on the subject (Uh huh) 
 And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it 
 'Cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playing when I say it 
 Well, I do take pills, don't do speed 
 Don't do crack, don't do coke, I do smoke weed 
 Don't do smack, I do do shrooms 
 Do drink beer 
 I just wanna make a few things clear 
 My baby mama's not dead (nuh uh), she's still alive and bitching (yup) 
 And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itching 
 It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested 
 I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free 
 You know me I'm your friend when you need a mini thin(Slim Shady) 
 I'm Shady 
 I told you I was Shady 
 Y'all didn't wanna believe me 
 I'm Shady 
 And that's my name
 **(Cowboy)** 
 I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts 
 You know, there's a story behind that there saloon 
 Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over 
 Sheriffs couldn't stop em 
 Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen 
 Got murdered in cold blood 
 That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home 
 They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern 
 And on a quiet night 
 You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine 
 (Eminem) 
 I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet 
 I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat 
 I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph 
 And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (AAHHH) 
 Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed 
 Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead 
 Told him each one of his boys is dead 
 I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said 
 (Royce) 
 Who hard? yo I done heard worse 
 We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other 
 To see which one'll swerve first 
 Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds 
 That of a globe on top of nine other planets 
 Kissed the cheek of the devil 
 Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto 
 Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist 
 Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot 
 One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse 
 In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse 
 And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations collaborating 
 Attemptin to take over the earth 
 (Eminem) 
 Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil 
 We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people 
 He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal 
 Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither) 
 We ain't eager to be legal 
 So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle 
 I breathe ether in three lethal amounts 
 While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle 
 Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range 
 Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain 
 (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off 
 Cuz I can't find a decent vain 
 (Royce) 
 The disaster wit dreds 
 I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough 
 To kill my soul after I'm dead 
 When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter 
 Cuz I serve any stranger wit money 
 I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains 
 While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches 
 Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral 
 Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you 
 Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws 
 Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass 
 I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's 
 Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me 
 From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche 
 And bust till volcanoes errupt 
 *phone rings* 
 Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you) 
 STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!! 
 (Eminem) 
 I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-ah) 
 I'm the one who burned your house down (oh) 
 Well I'm out now (shit) 
 And this time I'm comin back to blow your house up 
 And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of 
 Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms 
 And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms 
 And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave 
 I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe 
 'Cause this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil 
 And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people 
 He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal 
 Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel 
 (We'll be waitin) See you in hell 
 Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady 
 See you in hell for the sequel (bye bye) 
 Bad Meets Evil, what? (till next time) 
 (Cowboy) 
 And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil 
 Two of the most wanted individuals in the county 
 Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens 
 It's too bad they had to go out the way they did 
 Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon 
 But their spirits still live on till this day 
 Shhh...(spits) wait, did y'all hear that? 
 (Footsteps and windblowing)
 A lot of people ask me 
 Am I afraid of death? 
 Hell yeah I'm afraid of death 
 I don't wanna die yet 
 A lot of people think that I worship the devil 
 That I do all types of retarded shit 
 Look, I can't change the way I think 
 I can't change the way I am 
 But if I offended you, good 
 'Cause I still don't give a fuck 
 I'm zonin' offa one joint, stoppin' the limo 
 Hop in the window 
 shoppin' the demo at gun point. 
 A lyricist without a clue 
 what year is this? 
 Fuck a needle, here's a sword 
 body pierce with this. 
 Livin amuck 
 Never givin' a fuck 
 Gimme the keys I'm drunk 
 and I've never drivin' the truck. 
 But I smoke dope in the cab 
 I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab 
 Come back the next week and re-open the scab 
 A killer instinct runs in the blood 
 Empty your four clips and bury your guns in the mud 
 I've calmed down now, I was heavy once into drugs 
 I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz 
 My brain's gone. 
 my soul's worn, my spirit is torn 
 The rest of my body is still being operated on 
 I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm probably gonna get struck by lightning this time 
 To all the weed that I've smoked, 
 Yo this blunt's for you. 
 To all the people I've offended, 
 Yeah fuck you too. 
 To all the friends I use to have, 
 I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done, yo I'm still gonna do 
 To all the people I've offended, ya fuck you too 
 Every time I reminisce, yo I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass 
 I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you 
 Cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue 
 I'll hang you 'til you dangle and chain you at both ankles 
 And pull you apart from both angles 
 I wanna crush your skull 'til your brains leak out of your veins 
 And bust open like broken water mains. 
 So tell Sadam not to bother with making another bomb 
 'Cause I'm crushing the whole world in my palm 
 I got your girl in my arm and I'm armed with a fire arm 
 so big my entire arm's a giant fire bomb 
 Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on 
 and the pants that match, here mama try 'em on 
 I get amastertive with a mouth full of adjectives 
 A brain full of adverbs and a box full of laxitives 
 Proof of all school accidents 
 God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 
 To all the weed that I've smoked, yo this blunt's for you. 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah fuck you too. 
 To all the friends I use to have, I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done, 
 Yo I'm still gonna do. 
 To all the people I've offended, 
 Ya fuck you too. 
 Every time I reminisce, 
 Yo I miss my past. 
 But I still don't give a fuck, 
 Y'all can kiss my ass! 
 I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it 
 I spent a million a track and went over my budget 
 Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt 
 I can't rap anymore I just murdered the alphabet 
 Drug sickness got me doin' some bug twitches 
 I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches 
 I don't rap to get the women, fuck bitches 
 Gimme a fat slut that cooks and does dishes 
 Never ran with a clique, I'm a posse, kamikaze 
 Strappin' the mother fuckin' bomb accross me 
 From the second I was born my mama lost me 
 I'm a cross between Manson, Esham, and Ozzy 
 I don't even know why the fuck I'm here in the first place. 
 The worst day on this earth was my first birthday. 
 Retarded, what did that nurse say? 
 Brain damage? Fuck I was born during an earthquake 
 To all the weed that I've smoked, yo this blunt's for you. 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah fuck you too. 
 To all the friends I use to have, I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done, yo I'm still gonna do. 
 To all the people I've offended, ya fuck you too. 
 Every time I reminisce, yo I miss my past. 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass!
 People Say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the worlds already fucked I'm just addin to it 
 They say I'm suicidal teenagers newest idol 
 Come on! 
 Do as I do 
 Go ahead get mad and do it 
 People Say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the worlds already fucked I'm just addin to it 
 They say I'm suicidal teenagers newest idol 
 Come on! 
 Do as I do 
 Go ahead get mad and do it 
 (Just pull the plug) 
 Hand me an 8 beam me up and land me in space 
 I'ma sit on top of the world and shit on brandy and mase 
 I'm more then ill scarier then a white journalist in a room with lauryn hill 
 Human horror film 
 But with a lot funnier plot and people who feel me 'cause I'ma still be the mad rapper weather I got money or not as long as I'm on pills and I got plenty of pot I'll be in a cannoe paddling making fun of your yacht 
 But I would like an award for the best rapper to get one mic and a source 
 And a woredrobe I can afford otherwise I might just send up 
 "Pack striking at ford" and you wonder what the fuck I need more vicoden for 
 Everybody's pissing me off even a No Limit tank looks like a middle finger sideways flipping me off 
 No shit I'm in grave danger to my health why else would I kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself 
 Course 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold the "cordless" patroling corners looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action then "rosco" beating james "star" Sr. across the back with vaccuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth with a fucked up childhood that I use as an excuse and ain't shit changed I kept the same mindstate 
 Since the 3rd time I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it I don't promote violence I just encourage it I laugh at the sight of death as I fall down a cement flight of steps and land aside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind you and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live do it again (Shit) why not blow your brain out I'm blowing mine out fuck it you only live once you might as well die now [just let it go] 
 Course 
 My laser disc will make you take a razor to your wrist Make you satanistic 
 Make you take the pistol to your face 
 And place the clip and cock it back 
 And let it go until your brains 
 Are rippin' out your skull so bad 
 To sew you back and be a waste of stitches 
 I'm not a Role Model, I don't wanna babysit kids 
 I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business 
 And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off 
 Where the fuck were you when Gil was payin' me to dishwash 
 I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got 
 You made me get a bigger attitude than 80 Kim scotts 
 And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got 
 I know that Just the Two of Us would make you hate me this much 
 And Just the Two of Us 
 That ain't got shit to do with us and our personal life 
 It's just words on a mic. 
 So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig 
 But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch
 Yo... yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *) 
 Mic check... (My dick!) 
 Testing... one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *) 
 Ffff-fuck... (My dick!) My nuts... 
 My attitude is worse than NWA's was 
 I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people 
 Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!) 
 You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin, 
 "Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (WAIT!) 
 I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it 
 Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like 
 You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; 'cause I don't like rap anyway 
 I'm just tryin' to get my porno career started 
 Every place and event... +Been There, Done That+ 
 Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went 
 (* Zipper sound *) "Come on, let's go!" 
 Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters 
 Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers 
 Lesson Two: Face 'em and diss 'em (whattup dog?) 
 Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me) 
 And make 'em come to your basement and listen 
 (You're gonna fuckin' check this out) 
 Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus 
 And put yours on the owner's table (here listen!) 
 Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before' 
 "Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!" 
 Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? 
 Get the whitest A&R you can find 
 Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can 
 Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive 
 Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live 
 And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't 
 Givin' you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me) 
 Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin' 
 'Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin' like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!) 
 Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth 
 My balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!) 
 Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ("It's all about me..") 
 Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ("You're a dick!") 
 And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA 
 Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin' Aaliyah 
 (What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin' a bath 
 Grab a handful of pills, break 'em in half, take 'em and laugh 
 White trash -- fuckin' your wife in the ass ("Oh! Ooh Shady! Ooh!") 
 While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass 
 So if I hurt your self-esteem 
 And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?) 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!) 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 "I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!" 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 "He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!" (Nurse! Nurse!) 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play 
 Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate 
 Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade 
 In your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *) 
 Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS 
 Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache 
 You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though 
 I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow 
 Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!) 
 Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half 
 Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+ 
 And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!) 
 The demon is here, steamin this year 
 I rip (*Mystikal's*) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ah!) 
 It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it 
 Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it 
 "Yeah I don't think this guy is well.." I'm high as hell 
 I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail 
 (* Impersonating Method Man *) 
 I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' 
 Lay your nuts on the dresser 
 Just your nutsack by itself 
 And bang them shits with a spiked bat 
 Cut your neck off and sew your head right back 
 And leave you like that 
 You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor 
 Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher 
 Reeves, I was teething with strep throat 
 While your mother was breastfeeding 
 And gave her the flesh-eating disease 
 I'm iller than takin' a hammer and beatin' your knees 
 And walkin' through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans 
 (Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin' up the next day in breathin machines 
 Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes 
 On how you just got smoked, and if you do live 
 You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke 
 So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 "I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad" 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 "He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad" 
 You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad 
 I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh) 
 That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway and Tech 
 Sprayin wreck (bitch) 
 And we don't give a heck (uh-uh) 
 Or a damn... or a fuck... or a shit 
 So suck my motherfuckin dick
 Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off, and beat him over the fuckin' head with the peg 
 Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty 
 Mixed it with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44-D 
 Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Waited until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said, case closed, end of discussion 
 I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombest?! 
 We blowin' up your house, killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keepin' a promise as Nostradamus 
 'Cause I ain't making no more threats 
 I'm doing drive-bys in tinted corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more, 'cause I smoked crack today, yesterday, and the day before 
 Sabateur; walk the block with a labrador 
 Strapped with more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul-style galore, verbal cow manure 
 Comin' together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure!
 Announcer: 
 This is another public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady. 
 Eminem (whispered): tell em i don't give a fuck 
 Announcer: Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think! 
 Eminem (whispered): tell em to suck it 
 Announcer: If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking cock! 
 Eminem (whispered): tell 'em they kissed my ass 
 Announcer: Little did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just kissed his ass! 
 Eminem (whispered): tell em i'm fed up 
 Announcer: Slim Shady is fed up with your shit and he's going to kill you! 
 Eminem (whispered): yeah 
 Announcer: uh...anything else? 
 Eminem: Yeah. Sue me.
 When I was just a little baby boy, my mama used to tell me these crazy things 
 She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man, she used to tell me he hated me 
 But then I got a little bit older and I realized, she was the crazy one 
 But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it, 'cause that's just the way she was 
 They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more 
 They didn't say I can't rap about coke no more! 
 Slut, you think I won't choke no whore, 
 Till the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?! 
 These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin', 
 Thinkin I'm sayin' this shit cause I'm thinkin it, just to be sayin' it?! 
 Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you - 
 I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you 
 Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos! 
 Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma?! 
 "Oh now he's raping his own mother 
 Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the 
 Rolling Stone 
 cover?" 
 You're god damn right, bitch, and now it's too late 
 I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states 
 I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches 
 Vain Vicodin, vrinnn vrinnn vrinnn 
 Texas Chainsaw 
 , left his brains all 
 Danglin' from his neck, while his head barely hangs on 
 Blood, guts, guns, cuts, knives 
 Lives, wives, nuns, sluts 
 Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too! You ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
 I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady 
 ('Cause why?) 
 'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you 
 (Haha) 
 I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady 
 (Why?) 
 'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you 
 Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon I'ma conceal you 
 In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you 
 Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up! 
 I'm tryin' to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em 
 I ain't acid rap but I rap on acid 
 Got a new blow up doll and just had a strap-on added 
 Whoops is that a subliminal hint? No! 
 Just criminal intent to sodomize women again 
 Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult 
 And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse 
 To do it again, then, if he does it again 
 You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth 
 Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done, this ain't the chorus 
 I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest 
 A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times 
 In a tub, but that's normal, ain't it, Norman? 
 Serial killer hidin' murder material 
 In a cereal box on top of your stereo 
 Here we go again, we're out of our medicine 
 Out of our minds and we want in yours, let us in 
 Or I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither! You ain't nuttin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef 
 You'd better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too! You ain't nuttin' but a girl to me 
 I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady 
 ('Cause why?) 
 'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you 
 (Haha) 
 I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady 
 (Why?) 
 'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you 
 Know why I say these things 
 'Cause ladies' screams, keep creepin' in Shady's dreams 
 And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks} 
 This eighty G's a week to say the same things tweece 
 Twicewhatever, I hate these things 
 Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks! 
 Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows 
 Just to argue with 'em 'cause their ratings stink?! 
 Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer 
 From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her 
 From principal to the student body and counselor 
 From in school to before school to out of school 
 I don't even believe in breathin', I'm leavin' air in your lungs 
 Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it 
 Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got machete from O.J. 
 I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache 
 You faggots keep eggin' me on 
 Till I have you at knife-point, then you beg me to stop 
 Shut up! Give me your hands and feet! 
 I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you! You hear me? Answer me! 
 Or I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither! You ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch I'ma kill you, you ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth, with shit I shouldn'ta said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too! You ain't nothin' but a girl to me, bitch I'ma kill you 
 You don't... wanna fuck with Shady 
 ('Cause why?) 
 'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you 
 I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady 
 (Why not?) 
 'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you 
 Spoken 
 : 
 (Haha) I'm just playin' ladies, you know I love you.
 My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I 
 Got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
 My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I 
 Got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
 Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin' 
 I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom 
 I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not'a got 'em 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin' 
 Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
 But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her? I'mma name her Bonnie 
 I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry. 
 I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him 
 I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan 
 I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man 
 I like the shit you did with Rawkus too; that shit was phat! 
 Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat 
 Truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan 
 My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I 
 Got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
 Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance 
 I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans 
 If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert 
 You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew 
 That's my little brother man, he's only six years old 
 We waited in the blistering cold for you, four hours and you just said, "No" 
 That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol 
 He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do 
 I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein' lied to 
 Remember when we met in Denver, you said if I'd write you 
 You would write back, see I'm just like you in a way 
 I never knew my father neither 
 He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her 
 I can relate to what you're saying in your songs 
 So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 
 'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed 
 I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest 
 Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds 
 It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me 
 See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it 
 My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you twenty-four/seven 
 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no-one does 
 She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up 
 You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose 
 Sincerely yours, Stan 
 P.S. We should be together, too 
 My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I 
 Got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
 Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans: 
 This'll be the last package I ever send your ass! 
 It's been six months and still no word, I don't deserve it? 
 I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect 
 So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it 
 I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway 
 Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
 You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air Tonight"? 
 About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning? 
 But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? 
 That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning 
 Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy 
 And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call 
 I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall 
 I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it 
 You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it 
 And when you dream, I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it 
 I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me 
 See Slim; shut up bitch! I'm tryin' to talk! 
 Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk 
 But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you 
 'Cause if she suffocates, she'll suffer more and then she'll die too 
 Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now - Oh, shit! I forgot! 
 How am I supposed to send this shit out? 
 My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I 
 Got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
 Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy 
 You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
 Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that 
 And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap 
 I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you 
 Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you 
 But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
 I say that shit just clownin' dogg; c'mon, how fucked up is you? 
 You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling 
 To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some 
 And what's this shit about us meant to be together? 
 That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other! 
 I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
 Or maybe you just need to treat her better 
 I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time 
 Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine 
 If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan 
 Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan 
 I just don't want you to do some crazy shit 
 I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick 
 Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge 
 And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was pregnant with his kid 
 And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to 
 Come to think of it, his name was... it was you! 
 Damn...
 (I never knew I) 
 (I never knew I) Mic check one-two 
 (I never knew I) Who woulda knew? 
 (I never knew I) Who'da known? 
 (I never knew I) Fuck woulda thought? 
 (I never knew I) Motherfucker comes out 
 (I never knew I) And sells a couple of million records 
 (I never knew I) And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling 
 (I never knew I) 
 I don't do black music, I don't do white music 
 I make fight music, for high school kids 
 I put lives at risk when I drive like this 
 I put wives at risk with a knife like this (Ahh) 
 Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now 
 I'm in the back seat of your truck with duct tape stretched out 
 Ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out 
 Put it over your mouth and grab you by the face, what now? 
 Oh, you want me to watch my mouth, how? 
 Take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn 'em around 
 Look, I'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around 
 And hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out (Oh my God, oh my God) 
 I'm sorry there must be a mix-up 
 You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked? (Eww) 
 Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts 
 Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up 
 Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor 
 Quit tryin' to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement (The kids) 
 But don't blame me when little Eric jumps off of the terrace 
 You shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents 
 'Cause I never knew, I knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 I never knew I knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 So who's bringin' the guns in this country (Hmm?) 
 I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun, through customs over in London 
 And last week I seen this Schwarzenegger movie 
 Where he's shootin' all sorts of these motherfuckers with a Uzi 
 I see these three little kids up in the front row 
 Screamin', "Go," with their seventeen year-old uncle 
 I'm like, "Guidance? 
 Ain't they got the same moms and dads who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?" 
 And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear 
 What about the make-up you allow your twelve-year-old daughter to wear, hmm? 
 So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words 
 When his bus driver's screamin' at him, fuckin' him up worse (Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin' prick) 
 And fuck was the first word I ever learned 
 Up in the third grade, flippin' the gym teacher the bird (Look) 
 So read up, about how I used to get beat up 
 Peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every three months 
 My life's like, kinda what my wife's like (What?) 
 Fucked up, after I beat her fuckin' ass every night, Ike 
 So how much easier would life be 
 If nineteen million motherfuckers grew to be just like me? 
 'Cause I never knew, I knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 I never knew I knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 (I never knew I, knew I'd) have a new house or a new car 
 A couple years ago, I was more poorer than you are 
 I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I? 
 Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shoopitty-doo-wop (What?) 
 Skippity-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeve 
 Sonny Bono, skis, horses, and hittin' some trees (Hey) 
 How many retards'll listen to me 
 And run up in the school shootin' when they're pissed at a teach? 
 Er, her, him, is it you, is it them? 
 "Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again" 
 Damn, how much damage can you do with a pen? 
 Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been 
 If you woulda been in my shoes, who woulda thought 
 Slim Shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought? 
 That woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop 
 I just said it, I ain't know if you'd do it or not 
 'Cause I never knew, I knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 I never knew I knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 How the fuck was I supposed to know?
 As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP 
 Eminem: Heyyy 
 Steve: Hey, Em, what's up? 
 Eminem: Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin? Good to see you again. What's up? 
 Steve: Em, could you come here and have a seat, please? 
 Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's... 
 Steve: Vannessa, shut the door 
 Secretary: Okay 
 Eminem: So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week? 
 Steve: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all 
 Eminem: Wh 
 Steve: This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record 
 Eminem: Wha 
 Steve: Do you know what's happening to me out there? 
 Eminem: Wh-wha-what's the problem? 
 Steve: Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself 
 Eminem: Who's Violent...? 
 Steve: Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass? 
 Eminem: But, I 
 Steve: I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this. You know why Dre's record was so successful? He's rappin' about big-screen tv's, blunts, 40's and bitches. You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin 
 Eminem: I mean 
 Steve: I can't sell this shit 
 Eminem: What 
 Steve: Either change the record or it's not coming out 
 Eminem: What, I 
 Steve: Now get the fuck out of my office 
 Eminem: What am I supposed 
 Steve: NOW 
 Eminem: Aight man, whatever 
 As heard on Devil's Nightby D12 
 (Eminem)Hey Steve, Vanessa said you waned to see me 
 (Steve)Marshall, I can call you Marshall right? 
 (Eminem)Uhh, sure 
 (Steve)Good. Sit the fuck down for a second 
 (Eminem)Okay... 
 (Steve)Do you just fuckin hate me? 
 (Eminem)Hate you? What 
 (Steve)What the fuck have I ever done to you? Your last record, we got lucky. This D12 album is FUCKED 
 (Eminem)What's wrong with it? 
 (Steve)I don't wanna rape my grandmother! I don't wanna have sex with pitbulls! I wanna roll on dubs, I want throw bows, I wanna rock prada 
 (Eminem)"Rock prada"? 
 (Steve)And who the fuck is this Bizarre guy? 
 (Eminem)What do you mean? 
 (Steve)Do you need a CAT scan?! Where the fuck did you find this guy? 
 (Eminem)I mean, I've known him like... 
 (Steve)This album's never coming out 
 (Eminem)Steve, you've only heard one song 
 (Steve)Fuck you! Get the fuck outta here! NOW 
 (Eminem)Okay, okay, shit 
 As heard on The Eminem Show 
 *Door knocks* 
 Steve Berman: 
 It's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what? 
 Hold on a minute 
 Em... 
 Eminem: 
 Whuddup? 
 Steve Berman: 
 Dre, I'll call you back 
 Eminem: 
 What now? 
 Steve Berman: 
 I don't even know where to start 
 Eminem: 
 Okay 
 Steve Berman: 
 I got the album from upstairs 
 Eminem: 
 And? 
 Steve Berman: 
 And this is by far the most... 
 *Gun shoots* 
 Steve Berman: 
 ...incredible thing I've ever heard... 
 As heard on Relapse 
 (Ring Ring) 
 Secretary: Mr.Berman? 
 Steve: What? 
 Secretary: We have Eminem here to see you 
 Steve: About fuckin' time. Send him in 
 (Door opens) 
 Eminem: Steve! Good to see you man. Um,hey I jus 
 Steve: Well, look who decided to show his face! I hope you've had fun in the last four years 
 Em: Look man, I apologize again for 
 Steve: For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm? 
 Eminem: Again, it was a mistake. It was a terrible mista--- are you wearing a bulletproof vest? 
 Steve: And then you go and do, what, Hide out? Stay in Detroit for almost 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down? Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fucking vacation? 
 Eminem: Well, that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion 
 Steve: Do I REALLY need to hear it? Let me guess: Another album about "poor me, I'm so famous it has ruined my rich little life and I'm such a tortured artist let me make music about it and my tragic love life." Am I on to something here? 
 Eminem: C'mon, man! It's not like that 
 Steve: You know what? Just hand the fucking thing over! I'm done talking to you! Think you can just come and go as you please, big selfish superstar 
 Eminem: Steve, I had a drug problem 
 Steve: "Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem!" Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what? 
 (Cocks gun, Em: "Woah!") 
 Just lay this shit down on my desk and get the fuck out 
 Eminem: Woah Woah, Jesus Christ man, alright alright, here, fine... 
 Steve: What's this shit?! TWO cds? 
 Eminem: That's what I've been trying to tell you, man. It's two albums 
 Steve: Just get out! Get the fuck out 
 Eminem: Alright, man. See you later
 Aight, man, whatever... 
 Spoken 
 : 
 Dre 
 , just let it run. 
 Hey yo, turn the beat up a little bit 
 Hey yo, this song is for anyone... fuck it, just shut up and listen 
 Hey yo 
 I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zags and this bag 
 Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be 
 The most meanest MC on this... on this earth 
 And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse 
 And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works 
 And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve 
 All this tension dispensin' these sentences gettin' this stress 
 That's been eatin' me recently off of this chest 
 And I rest again peacefully ( 
 peacefully 
 ) 
 But at least have the decency in you 
 To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out 
 In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter 
 To not come and speak to me ( 
 speak to me 
 ) 
 I don't know you and no, I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-ing thing 
 I'm not Mr. 
 *NSYNC 
 , I'm not what your friends think 
 I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick 
 If you tempt me my tank is on empty ( 
 is on empty 
 ) 
 No patience is in me and if you offend me 
 I'm liftin' you 10 feet ( 
 10 feet 
 ) in the air 
 I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you 
 Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit 
 I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe 
 I'm tired of arguin' ( 
 of arguin 
 ) 
 I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be, it's just me 
 And I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am 
 In the paper, the news every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am 
 In the paper, the news every day I am 
 I don't know, it's just the way I am 
 Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered 
 With all of this nonsense, it's constant 
 And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content. 
 That song " 
 Guilty Conscience 
 " has gotten such rotten responses." 
 And all of this controversy circles me 
 And it seems like the media immediately 
 Points a finger at me ( 
 finger at me 
 ) 
 So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky 
 Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up 
 When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up 
 With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too 
 When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school 
 And they blame it on 
 Marilyn 
 ( 
 on Marilyn 
 ) and the heroin 
 Where were the parents at? And look where it's at 
 Middle America, now it's a tragedy 
 Now it's so sad to see an upper class city 
 Havin' this happenin' ( 
 this happenin' 
 ) 
 Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way ( 
 rap this way 
 ) 
 But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire 
 To burn and it's burnin' and I have returned 
 And I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am 
 In the paper, the news every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am 
 In the paper, the news every day I am 
 I don't know, it's just the way I am 
 I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired 
 That I wish that I would just die or get fired 
 And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables 
 I'm not gonna be able to top on " 
 My Name Is 
 " 
 And pigeonholed into some poppy sensation 
 That copped me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations 
 And I just do not got the patience ( 
 got the patience 
 ) 
 To deal with these cocky caucasians 
 Who think, I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 
 'Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls 
 So they always keep askin' the same fuckin' questions ( 
 fuckin' questions 
 ) 
 What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in? 
 The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how 
 Till I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out ( 
 ahhh 
 ) 
 'Cause they drivin' me crazy ( 
 me crazy 
 ) 
 I can't take it, I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit 
 And I'm thankful for every fan that I get 
 But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standin' by it 
 No, I won't sign your autograph 
 You can call me an asshole, I'm glad 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am 
 In the paper, the news every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am 
 In the paper, the news every day I am 
 I don't know, it's just the way I am
 May I have your attention, please? 
 May I have your attention, please? 
 Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
 I repeat: Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
 We're gonna have a problem here 
 Y'all act like you've never seen a white person before 
 Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door 
 And started whoopin' her ass worse than before 
 They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture ( 
 ahh! 
 ) 
 It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding 
 He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" 
 And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots 
 Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement ( 
 ha, ha! 
 ) 
 Feminist women love Eminem 
 "Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him 
 Look at him walking around grabbing his you-know-what 
 Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though" 
 Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose 
 But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms ( 
 Uhh-uhh-uhh! 
 ) 
 Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose but can't 
 But it's cool for 
 Tom Green 
 to hump a dead moose 
 "My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips" 
 And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss 
 And that's the message that we deliver to little kids 
 And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is 
 Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is by the time they hit fourth grade 
 They got the Discovery Channel, don't they? 
 We ain't nothing but mammals... well, some of us, cannibals 
 Who cut other people open like cantaloupes 
 But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes 
 Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope ( 
 eugh! 
 ) 
 But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote 
 Women wave your pantyhose; sing the chorus, and it goes 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records 
 Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you, too 
 You think I give a damn about a 
 Grammy 
 ? 
 Half o' you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me 
 "But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?" 
 Why, so you guys can just lie to get me here? 
 So you can sit me here next to 
 Britney Spears 
 ? 
 Yo shit, 
 Christina Aguilera 
 better switch me chairs 
 So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst 
 And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first 
 Little bitch put me on blast on 
 MTV 
 "Yeah he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hehe" 
 I should download her audio on MP3 
 And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD ( 
 ahh! 
 ) 
 I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups; all you do is annoy me 
 So I have been sent here to destroy you 
 And there's a million of us just like me 
 Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me 
 Who dress like me, walk, talk, and act like me 
 And just might be the next best thing but not quite me 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only giving you 
 Things you joke about with your friends, inside your livin' room 
 The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all 
 And I don't gotta be false or sugar-coat it all 
 I just get on the mic and spit it 
 And whether you like to admit it ( 
 rip 
 ), I just shit it 
 Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can 
 Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums 
 It's funny, 'cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm thirty 
 I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting 
 Pinchin' nurses asses, while I'm jackin' off with Jergens 
 And I'm jerkin', but this whole bag of Viagra isn't workin' 
 In every single person there's a Slim Shady lurkin' 
 Who could be workin' at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings 
 Or in the parking lot circling, screamin' "I don't give a fuck" 
 With his windows down and his system up 
 So will the real Shady please stand up 
 And put one of those fingers on each hand up 
 And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control 
 And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 Haha, guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us 
 Fuck it, let's all stand up
 RBX: 
 Remember me? Seven executions 
 Remember me? I have no remorse 
 Remember me? I'm high powered 
 Remember me? I drop bombs like Hiroshima 
 For this one it's the X, you retarded? 
 'Cause I grab the mic and get down like syndrome 
 Hide and roam into the masses 
 Without boundaries which qualifies me for the term "Universal" 
 Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial 
 Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see 
 'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch that got banned from TV 
 Heavyweight hitter 
 Hit you watch your whole head split up 
 Loco is the motion, we comin' through 
 Hollow tips is the lead, the forty-five threw 
 Sticky Fingaz: 
 Remember me? Throw ya guns in the air 
 Remember me? Slam, slam 
 Remember me? Nigga, back the fuck up 
 Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx 
 Niggas that take no for an answer, get told, "No" 
 Yeah, I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no" 
 Life's a bitch, met her, fuck you if you let her 
 Better come better than better to be a competitor 
 This vet is ahead of the shit is all redder, you deader and deader 
 A medic instead of the cheddars and credda 
 Settle vendetta with metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto 
 Evidence, nope, never leave a shred-of 
 I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me 
 My mom's got raped by the industry and made me 
 I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you 
 I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total 
 Want beef? Nigga, pbbt, you better dead that shit 
 My name should be Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit 
 Probably sayin' he ain't a killer but I'm killin' myself 
 Smoke death, fuck bitches raw on the kitchen floor 
 So think what I'mma do to you, have done to you 
 Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two 
 What you wanna do? Cocksuckers, we glock busters 
 Till the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters 
 Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us 
 I'm getting wires, niggas wanting me dead, wanting my head 
 You think it could be something I said? 
 Eminem: 
 Remember me? I just don't give a fuck 
 Remember me? Yeah, fuck you too 
 Remember me? I'm low down and I'm shifty 
 Remember me? I'm Shady 
 Eminem and Dr. Dre: 
 When I go out, I'mma go out shooting 
 I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid 
 I'm tryna clean up my fuckin' image so I promised the fuckin' critics 
 I wouldn't say fuckin' for six minutes 
 (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) 
 My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde 
 So I made me a song, killed her, and put Hailie on 
 I may be wrong, I keep thinking these crazy thoughts 
 In my cranium but I'm stuck with a crazy mom 
 (Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?) 
 Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window 
 And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats 
 Sick, sick dreams of picnic scenes 
 Two kids, sixteen with M-16's and ten clips each 
 And them shits reach through six kids each 
 And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets? 
 Fuck that, pbbt, you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash 
 And reappear in Hell with a can of gas and a match 
 Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at 
 (What the fuck you staring at, nigga?) 
 Don't you remember me? 
 Remember me? 
 Remember me? 
 Remember me?
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 I murder a rhyme one word at a time 
 You never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine 
 You better get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help 
 What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? 
 I'm waiting for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as Hell 
 Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail 
 I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve 
 Thirteen I was putting shells in a gauge on a shelf 
 I used to get punked and bullied on my block 
 Till I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox 
 {"Mom! MOM!"} I used to give a - fuck, now I could give a fuck less 
 What do I think of success?  It sucks, too much press I'm stressed 
 Too much cess and breasts, too upset 
 It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick 
 (yes) 
 Grew up quick (no) was raised right 
 Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right 
 You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi" 
 Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-T-E 
 'Cause MTV was so friendly to me can't wait 'til Kim sees me 
 Now is it worth it?  Look at my life, how is it perfect? 
 Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't working? 
 You hear this finger?  Oh it's upside down 
 Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it 
 just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music 
 And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim 
 and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe 
 {*vocal scratches*} My name is Slim Shady 
 I been crazy way before radio didn't play me 
 The sensational {"Back is the incredible!"} 
 With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible 
 It's Ken Kaniff on the internet 
 Trying to lure your kids with him into bed 
 It's a sick world we live in these days 
 "Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!" 
 Geez, you guys are so sensitive 
 "Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it" 
 Mind with no sense in it, fried to get schizophrenic 
 whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smoking 'em 
 With my windows tinted, with nine limos rented 
 Doing lines of coke in 'em with a bunch of guys hopping out 
 all high and indo scented {*inhales, exhales*} 
 And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line 
 Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine 
 A Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine 
 and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time 
 Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy 
 as the world was over this whole Y2K thing 
 And by the way, 
 *NSYNC 
 , why do they sing? 
 Am I the only one who realizes they stink? 
 Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think? 
 Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? 
 It's why I tend to block out when I hear things 
 Cause all these fans screaming is making my ears ring (AHHHH!!!) 
 So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger 
 longer than the rumor that I was sticking it to Christina 
 'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz 
 It'd be Jennifer Lopez and Puffy you know this! 
 I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother 
 I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her 
 And have a son and a new brother at the same time 
 And just say that it ain't mine, what's my name? 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady 
 (I'm Back) 
 I'm Back 
 (I'm back) 
 I'm back 
 Guess who's b-back, back 
 Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!) 
 Guess who's back 
 Gue-guess who's back 
 D-12, Guess who's back 
 Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back 
 Dr. Dre, Guess who's back 
 Back back back 
 Slim Shady, 2001 
 I'm blew out from this blunt 
 Fuck
 Spoken: 
 You know I just don't get it: last year I was nobody, this year I'm sellin' records. Now everybody wants to come around like I owe 'em somethin'! What the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? Get the fuck out of here! 
 You see I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me 
 (Take shots at me) 
 Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking 
 You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog 
 With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar 
 Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking 
 Or leaning out a window with a cocked shotgun 
 Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in 
 Looking for B.I.G.'s killers 
 Dressing ridiculous 
 Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is 
 Double-barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace 
 Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this 
 Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em 
 And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets 
 And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wristwatches 
 I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous 
 And walk around with an empty bottle of Rmy Martin 
 Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman 
 (Goddammit) 
 I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin 
 With instinct to kill *NSYNC, don't get me started 
 These fuckin' brats can't sing, and Britney's garbage 
 What's this bitch retarded?  Gimme back my sixteen dollars 
 All I see is sissies in magazines smilin' 
 Whatever happened to wildin' out and being violent? 
 Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whooping 
 And getting your shoes, coat and your hat tooken? 
 New Kids On The Block suck a lot of dick 
 Boy/girl groups make me sick 
 And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public 
 I'ma love it 
 (Ha, ha, ha) 
 Vanilla Ice don't like me 
 (Nuh-uh) 
 Said some shit in 
 Vibe 
 to spite me 
 (Yup) 
 Then went and dyed his hair just like me 
 (He-he) 
 A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me 
 And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me" 
 (Nah nah) 
 I think I was put here to annoy the world 
 And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl 
 Plus I was put here to put fear 
 In faggots who spray Faygo root beer 
 And call themselves clowns 'cause they look queer 
 Faggy2Dope and Silent Gay 
 Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away 
 (Fucking punks) 
 And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fucking faggots the fuck out 
 Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out 
 After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out 
 (Aah) 
 Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck 
 (Blaow) 
 Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again 
 When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10 
 And I don't need help from D12 
 To beat up two females 
 In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails 
 "Slim Anus"? You damn right, Slim Anus 
 I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots! 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm not a wrestler guy, I'll knock you out if you talk about me 
 (Talk about me) 
 Come and see me on the streets alone if you assholes doubt me 
 (Assholes doubt me) 
 And if you wanna run your mouth then come take your best shot at me 
 (Your best shot at me) 
 Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? 
 You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy! 
 Now because of this blond mop that's on top 
 And this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? 
 The underground just spun'd around and did a 360 
 Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies 
 "Oh, he just did some shit with Missy, 
 So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get Bizzy" 
 My fucking bitch mom's suing for ten million 
 She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing 
 Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? 
 All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress 
 Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? 
 It doesn't matter, 
 your attorney Fred Gibson's a 
 faggot 
 Talkin' about I fabricated my past 
 He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass! 
 (Uhh) 
 So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? 
 For every million I make, another relative sues 
 Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper 
 All of a sudden I got 90-some cousins 
 (Hey it's me) 
 A half-brother and sister who never seen me 
 Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV 
 Now everybody's so happy and proud 
 I'm finally allowed 
 To step foot in my girlfriend's house! 
 (Hey) 
 And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand 
 To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp 
 Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast 
 And what do I see?  A picture of my big white ass 
 Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help 
 Uh, here - 
 XXL 
 , 
 XXL 
 Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell! 
 Ah, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me 
 (Take shots at me) 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me 
 (Take shots at me)
 As heard on 
 The Slim Shady LP 
 Ken: Let's call this motherfucker 
 (Dials operator) 
 Ken: Oh, fuck yeah... give him a piece of my mind... piece of my ass 
 (Operator comes on) 
 Operator: Thanks for waiting. Hello, may I help you? 
 Ken: Oh, thank you. I need to make a collect call 
 Operator: What number? 
 Ken: Oh... the number's (censored) 
 Operator: At the tone, please say your name 
 (Beep) 
 Ken: Kenneth Kaniff, from Connecticut. (connecting) Automated piece of shit 
 Eminem: Yo? 
 Ken: Hey there, cock boy 
 Eminem: Who's this? 
 Ken: This is Ken Kaniff 
 Eminem: Who? 
 Ken: Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, you lil' bitch 
 Eminem: From Connecticut? 
 Ken: Yeah, you wanna... 
 Eminem: I don't know nobody in Connecticut 
 Ken: You wanna get a hotel room with me? 
 Eminem: A hotel room? 
 Ken: Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM? 
 Eminem: (laughs) Yo, who is this? Cage? 
 Ken: (laughing) You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, ya lil' cock boy 
 Eminem: (snickers) Yo, shut up, you lil' bitch 
 Ken: Oh, you think I'm lying, huh? 
 Eminem: (laughing out loud) 
 Ken: Ugh 
 As heard on 
 The Marshall Mathers LP 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 3aSMFdc9aJs|209|252 
 (Sucking noises/piano music in background) 
 Ken:Uhhhh... Yeah... Oh suck it... Oh, fuck yeah! Oh Shaggy... Uhh... 
 This is why they call you 2Dope, ain't it? 
 Uhh Fuck yeah! 
 Okay now take it out, take it out 
 Now give some to Jay... Oh, Violent Jay... Don't Bite it, don't be violent with it, just suck it, nice and slow... 
 Uhhhh, Oh fuck yeah, now give it back to Shaggy, he was suckin' it better. Uhh, now say my name! 
 Shagggy2Dope: Eminem! 
 Ken: Say my name! 
 Shaggy2Dope: Eminem! 
 Ken: WHAT?! Ah, Fuck you guys! Give me my dick back! (zips pants up) Fuck you guys! If you want Eminem, you can HAVE Eminem! Fuck you guys! I'm leavin! 
 Shaggy2Dope: Ken, wait! 
 (Ken slams door) 
 Shaggy2Dope: Uh, damn! 
 Violent Jay: Nice going, Shaggy!
 Guess what? 
 I ain't coming in yet, I'll come in in a minute 
 Hey yo, this is my love song 
 It goes like this 
 Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark 
 This is how we used to make the party start 
 We used to mix Henn' with Bacardi Dark 
 And when it kicks in you can hardly talk 
 And by the sixth gin you gon' probably crawl 
 And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf 
 And my prediction is that you gon' probably fall 
 Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall 
 And everything's spinning, you're beginning to think 
 Women are swimming in pink linen again in the sink 
 Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished 
 You are now allowed to officially slap bitches 
 You have the right to remain violent and start wildin' 
 Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyeing you 
 Get in the car and start it and start driving 
 Over the island and cause a 42-car pileup 
 "Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot 
 Looking for life on this planet sir, no sign of it 
 All I can see is a bunch of smoke flying 
 And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it 
 Let me out of this place I'm outta place 
 I'm in in outer space, I've just vanished without a trace 
 I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow 
 I'll be back in an hour or so" 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa) 
 Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (go) 
 I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa) 
 Drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 In third grade all I used to do 
 Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's Cube 
 Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude 
 Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs 
 I got no game and every face looks the same 
 They got no name, so I don't need game to play 
 I just say whatever I want to whoever I want 
 Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want 
 However I do show some respect to few 
 This Ecstasy's got me standing next to you 
 Getting sentimental as fuck, spilling guts to you 
 We just met, but I think I'm in love with you 
 But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too 
 Wake up in the morning like "Yo what the fuck we do? 
 I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do 
 'Cause if I get caught cheating then I'm stuck with you" 
 But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna catch up sooner or later 
 But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy 
 Let the X destroy your spinal cord 
 So it's not a straight line no more 
 So we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls 
 Shit sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur 
 Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more 
 So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa) 
 Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (go) 
 I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow 
 When you swallow it all, wallow and drown in your sorrow 
 And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again 
 What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it 
 And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? 
 And what's a little fight? Tomorrow you'll be boys again 
 It's your life, live it however you wanna 
 Marijuana is everywhere, where was you brought up? 
 It don't matter as long as you get where you're going 
 'Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're going 
 They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignoring 
 Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning 
 But you're young, you got a lot of drugs to do 
 Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you 
 If I could take it all back now I wouldn't 
 I woulda did more shit that people said that I shouldn't 
 But I'm all grown up now and upgraded 
 And graduated to better drugs and updated 
 But I still gotta a lot of growing up to do 
 I still gotta whole lot of throwing up to spew 
 But when it's all said and done, I'll be forty 
 Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories 
 With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap 
 Babysitting for Hailie, while Hailie's out getting smashed 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa) 
 Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (go) 
 I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa) 
 Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (go) 
 I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa) 
 Drugs really gotta hold of me 
 Really gotta hold of me 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me 
 They really gotta hold of me
 (kill,kill,kill,kill) 
 Da-dum, da dum 
 da da dum, da dum 
 dadada dum, da dum 
 dada da dum, da dum, dum 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted 
 Feet planted I stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK) 
 Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit 
 Shrink pencil me in for my last visit 
 Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh) 
 Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack) 
 Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years 
 Mash with me again and imagine this 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 Bizarre 
 I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat 
 (AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope? 
 My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me 
 For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity 
 (Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak 
 Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was asleep 
 Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!) 
 That's what I said at my dad's funeral 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 Eminem 
 That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still) 
 That's why the first motherfucker popping some shit he gets killed (killed) 
 That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville) 
 You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled) 
 Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still) 
 This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!) 
 We don't do drive-bys, we park in front of houses and shoot 
 And when the police come we fucking shoot it out with 'em too 
 That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here) 
 Did I just hear somebody say they want to challenge me here?? (huh?) 
 While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibers here?? (here??) 
 Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?) 
 'Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions 
 And that's when accidents happen 
 When a thousand bullets come at your house 
 And collapse the foundation around and they found you 
 And your family in it (AH!) 
 God damnit he meant when he tells you 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 (He'll) 
 Accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will 
 (He's) 
 Mentally ill from Amityville 
 Da-dum, da dum 
 da da dum, da dum 
 dadada dum, da dum 
 dada da dum, da dum, dum
 Snoop & Dr. Dre 
 (Yeah, what up Detroit?) 
 Nah-uh, nah-uh, uh-uh, oh no, he didn't 
 They didn't do it again 
 Wha-what? What? 
 You shit on these niggas two times Dr. Dre? (Oh fo'sho) 
 Uh-uh, no 
 You smell that 
 This is special right here 
 It's a toast to the boogie baby 
 To the boogie oogie-oogie 
 Yeah, y'know 
 What's cracking, Dre? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit 
 On Slim's shit, start riots like 
 Limp Bizkit 
 (Limp Bizkit) 
 Throw on Guilty Conscience at concerts 
 And watch mosh pits till motherfuckers knock each other unconscious 
 (That's right, nigga) 
 Some of these crowds that Slim draws 
 Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars 
 Some of these crowds, me and Snoop draw 
 Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central (Whoa) 
 Not these niggas again, these grown ass ignorant men 
 With hand triggers again (Shit) 
 You and what army could harm me 
 D-R-E and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach 
 (Snoop, Eastside) 
 We came a long way to making these songs play 
 It a be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way 
 I got a long uzi, and I carry it all day 
 Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just being Andre 
 But I 
 Snoop 
 Somehow, someway, hello, nigga 
 You know about Doggy, Snoop Dogg 
 Now let me cut these niggas up 
 And show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from 
 I get the party crackin' with the shit that I be spittin', son 
 Hit and run, get it done, get the funds, split and run 
 Got about 50 guns, and I love all of 'em the same 
 Bang bang 
 Damn, baby girl, what's yo name? 
 I forgot, what'd you say it was? 
 Damn, a nigga buzzed (Fucked up) 
 Hangin' in the club wit my nephew, Eminem 
 (What's up, Slim?) 
 What up, cuz? 
 (What's up, Snoop?) 
 The great white American hope 
 Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast, baby 
 Nate Dogg 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 Snoop 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 Xzibit 
 I'm the head nigga in charge 
 I'm watching you move 
 You're found dead in your garage 
 With 10 o'clock news coverage 
 Gotta love it, 'cause I expose the fasciad 
 Your little lungs is too small to hot box with God 
 All jokes aside, come bounce wit us 
 Standing over you with a 12 gauge about to bust 
 It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust 
 I might leave in a body bag, but never in cuffs 
 So who do you trust, they just not rugged enough 
 When things get rough, I'm in the club shooting with 
 Puff 
 Bitch, please, you must have a mental disease 
 Assume the position and get back down on your knees, come on 
 Nate Dogg 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 Snoop 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 Nate Dogg 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 Snoop 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 Eminem (Snoop) 
 Ah no, Big Slim Dogg, 80 pound balls (What?) 
 Dick six inch long (Huh?) 
 Back up in the heezy, baby 
 He's Shady (He's so crazy) 
 Give me the mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White 
 Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night 
 What if he's right? 
 I'm just a criminal making a livin' off the world's misery 
 What in the world gives me the right? 
 To say what I like and walk around flippin' the bird 
 Livin' the urban life like a white kid from the 'burbs 
 Dreamin' at night and screamin' at mom's schemin' to leave 
 Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me 
 I just want you all to notice me and people to see 
 That somewhere deep down is a decent human being in me 
 It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me 
 Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude is being this mean 
 So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV 
 Or heard tea CD using the fag word so freely 
 It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down 
 Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot 
 You happy now? Look here 
 I start some trouble everywhere that I go 
 Ask the bouncers in the club 'cause they know 
 I start some shit, they throw me out the back do' 
 Come back and shoot the club up wit a fo-four 
 Nate Dogg 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 Snoop 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 Nate Dogg 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 Snoop 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 Xzibit 
 2001 and forever 
 Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg 
 Come on, yeah
 Aww, look at daddy's baby girl 
 That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head 
 Yesterday I changed your diaper wiped you and powdered you 
 How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two 
 Baby you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you 
 Sit down bitch, you move again I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay) 
 Don't make me wake this baby, she don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do 
 Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you? 
 How could you just leave me and love him out the blue? 
 Oh, what's the matter Kim, am I too loud for you? 
 Too bad bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time 
 At first, I'm like "Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine" 
 But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind? 
 This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine 
 How could you let him sleep in our bed, look it Kim 
 Look at your husband now 
 (No) 
 , I said look at him! 
 He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk? 
 (Why are you doing this?) 
 Shut the fuck up! 
 (You're drunk, you're never gonna get away with this) 
 You think I give a fuck? Come on we're going for a ride bitch 
 (No) 
 Sit up front 
 (We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up) 
 We'll be right back, well I will, you'll be in the trunk 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 You really fucked me Kim, you really did a number on me 
 Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me 
 But we was kids then Kim, I was only eighteen, that was years ago 
 I thought we wiped the slate clean, that's fucked up 
 (I love you) 
 Oh God, my brain is racing 
 (I love you) 
 What are you doing? Change the station 
 I hate this song, does this look like a big joke? 
 (No) 
 There's a four year-old little boy laying dead with a slit throat 
 In your living room, ha-ha, what, you think I'm kidding you? 
 You loved him didn't you? 
 (No) 
 Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me 
 What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? 
 Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me 
 Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly, don't you? 
 (It's not that) 
 No, you think I'm ugly 
 (Baby) 
 Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me 
 I hate you, I hate you, I swear to God, I hate you, oh my God, I love you 
 How the fuck could you do this to me? 
 (I'm sorry) 
 How the fuck could you do this to me? 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 Come on get out 
 (I can't, I'm scared) 
 I said get out bitch 
 (Let go of my hair) 
 (Please don't do this baby, please I love you) 
 (Look, we can just take Hailie and leave) 
 Fuck you! You did this to us, you did it, it's your fault 
 Oh my God, I'm cracking up, get a grip Marshall 
 Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party? 
 And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie 
 That was funny, wasn't it? 
 (Yes) 
 That was funny, wasn't it? 
 (Yes) 
 See it all makes sense, doesn't it? 
 You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife 
 And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced 
 (No) 
 And while this is going on, his son just woke up and he walks in 
 She panics and he gets his throat cut 
 (Oh my God) 
 So now they both dead and you slash your own throat 
 So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note 
 I should've known better when you started to act weird 
 We could of - hey, where you going? Get back here 
 You can't run from me Kim, it's just us, nobody else 
 You're only making this harder on yourself 
 Ha ha, got ya, go ahead, yell 
 Here I'll scream with you, "Ah, somebody help!" 
 Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you 
 Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you 
 You were supposed to love me 
 Now bleed bitch, bleed! 
 bleed bitch, bleed! 
 Bleed! 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
 Chem-le-le-le-le-le-le-le, le-le, le-le 
 Chem-ne-le-eh-ne-nuf-nu-nef, ne-nish, le-le, translation 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick 
 Eminem and Swifty: 
 Two pills I pop till my pupils swell up like two pennies 
 I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties 
 A young ass man with a trash can, strapped to the back 
 Of his ass so the rats can't chew through his last pants 
 I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightnin' 
 Frightened with five little white Vicodin pills bitin' him 
 I'm like a fuckin' wasp in the hospital lost 
 Stingin' the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls 
 I light a candle and place it up on the mantle 
 Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fucking handle 
 So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurting (Bitch it's too late) 
 'Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains 
 Swifty: 
 I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator 
 Degrading, creating murders to kill haters 
 Accused for every crime known through the equator 
 They knew I did it for having blood on my 'gators 
 My weed'll hit your chest like a double barrel gauge and 
 I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in your face 
 With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose 
 You never hear me say forgive me 
 I'm snatchin every penny, it gotta be that way nigga, face it 
 That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it 
 You hidin', I make the president get a facelift 
 Niggas just afraid, handin' me they bracelets 
 Chilling in the lab wasted 
 I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin, throw up on the mic 
 Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site 
 And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight 
 Eminem: 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick 
 Bizarre: 
 I'm a compulsive liar, setting my preacher on fire 
 Slashing your tires, flying down Fenkell and Meyers 
 Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired 
 Jacking my dick off in a bed of barbed wire 
 (Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer? 
 Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor 
 (Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired 
 Fucking your bitch in the ass with a tire iron 
 I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip 
 My DJ's in a coma for letting the record skip 
 Letting the record skip, letting the record skip (Damn) 
 I'm fucking anything when I'm snorting 
 It's gonna cost three hundred dollars to get my pitbull an abortion 
 Some bitch asked for my autograph 
 I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed 
 I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam 
 All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin' ass mom 
 Proof: 
 Ayo, flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack 
 Weed laced with something, nigga pass that 
 In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats 
 At a Stop the Violence rally, I blast gats 
 BMI on publishing, get your ASCAP-ped 
 The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack 
 Run your motherfuckin' pockets, ASAP 
 I don't need a platinum chain bitch, I snatch Shaq's 
 Born loser, half thief and half black 
 Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at 
 Bitch smacker rich rappers get they Jag jacked 
 And found chopped up in a trash bag 
 Kuniva: 
 We strangling rappers until the point they can't yell 
 'Cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales 
 Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace 
 Gruesome, and causin' more violence than nine hoodlums 
 I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle 
 Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you 
 Get executed, cause I'm a Luni, I got a Yukmouth 
 And it's polluted, I cock it back then shoot it 
 I love snatching up players thugs and young ballers 
 Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers 
 Brigade barricade to bring the noise 
 While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys 
 If I go solo, I'm doin' a song with Bolo 
 A big Chinese nigga, screamin Kuniva, yo, yo 
 I leave ya face leaking, run up in church 
 And smack the preacher while he's preaching, take a swing at the deacon 
 Kon Artis: 
 I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight 
 I was straight 'til I got caught selling em shape 
 I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent 
 I got kicked out of summer camp for having sex in my tent 
 With the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order 
 I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin' in water 
 In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von 
 Who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb 
 (Special delivery) I signed to a local label for fun 
 Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run 
 Drive-by you in the rain while you carry your son 
 Call your house and hang up on you for not giving me none 
 Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun 
 Got a reputation for havin niggas running they funds 
 Used to be the type of nigga that was folding some ones 
 Till I met your fat mama, now I'm rolling in dough 
 Eminem: 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick 
 Ha ha, suck my motherfuckin' dick 
 D-12, Dirty-motherfuckin'-Dozen 
 Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin' husbands 
 Bizarre Kid, Swifty McVay, the Kon Artis 
 The Kuniva, Dirty Harry and Slim Shady
 Spoken 
 : 
 A lot of people ask me, stupid fuckin' questions. 
 A lot of people think that, what I say on record, or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life, or that I believe in it. 
 Or if I say that, I wanna kill somebody that, I'm actually gonna do it, or that I believe in it. 
 Well shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you, you know why? 
 'Cause I'm a criminal 
 Criminal, you goddamn right 
 I'm a criminal 
 Yeah I'm a criminal 
 My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge 
 That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or les 
 Or a homosex-, hermaph- or a trans-a-ves 
 Pants or dress, "Hate fags?", the answer's yes 
 Homophobic, nah you're just hetero-phobic 
 Starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' (Ooh!) 
 That's my motherfuckin' balls, you better let go of 'em 
 They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em 
 Hey it's me 
 Versace 
 , whoops somebody shot me 
 And I was just checkin' the mail, get it, checkin' the 'male' (clicks tongue twice) 
 How many records you expectin' to sell 
 After your second LP sends you directly to jail 
 Come on relax guy, I like gay men 
 Right Ken, give me an amen ( 
 AAA-men! 
 ) 
 Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus 
 Heal this child, help us destroy these demons 
 Oh, and please send me a brand new car 
 And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital 
 Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher 
 You can't reach me, my mom can't neither 
 You can't teach me a goddamn thing 
 'Cause, I watch TV and 
 Comcast 
 cable 
 And you ain't able to stop these thoughts 
 You can't stop me from toppin' these charts 
 And you can't stop me from droppin' each March 
 With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards (Duh) 
 And to think, it's just little ole me 
 Mr. Don't-Give-A-Fuck, still won't leave 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 My mother did drugs, hard liquor cigarettes and speed 
 The baby came out, disfigured ligaments indeed 
 It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she 
 Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me 
 I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed 
 But how the fuck you s'posed to grow up when you weren't raised 
 So as I got older and I got a lot taller 
 My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger 
 I drink malt liquor to fuck you up quicker 
 Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word 
 My morals went *thhbbpp* when the president got oral 
 Sex in his 
 Oval Office 
 on top of his desk 
 Off of his own employee, now don't ignore me you won't avoid me 
 You can't miss me, I'm white blonde-haired and my nose is pointy 
 I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die in plane crashes 
 And laughs as long as it ain't happen to him 
 Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em- 
 -inem and Kim combined, *kch* the maniac's in 
 In place of the doc, because 
 Dre 
 couldn't make it today 
 He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place 
 (Mm-mm-mmm!) Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face 
 Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place 
 I told you Dre, you should've kept that thing put away 
 I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh 
 I'm a criminal 
 Spoken by Eminem, 
 Dr. Dre 
 , & (Teller) 
 Aight look... 
 Uh huh? 
 Just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfuckin' money and get the fuck up outta there. 
 Aight. 
 I'll be right here waitin' on you. 
 Aight. 
 Yo, Em! 
 What?! 
 Don't kill nobody this time! 
 Aright! 
 God damn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves. 
 *Whistling* (Hi!) How you doin'? 
 (How can I help you?) Yeah I need to make a withdrawal. 
 (Okay.) Put the fuckin' money in the bag bitch and I won't kill you! 
 (What? Oh my god, don't kill me!) I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit lookin' around. 
 (Don't kill me, I have two kids at home, don't kill me.) I said I'm not gonna fuckin' kill you, hurry the fuck up! 
 *BOOM* Thank you! 
 Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it 
 So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it 
 So I'll be disguised in it 
 And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I'll hide for five minutes 
 Come back, shoot the eyewitness 
 Then fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business 
 Die bitches, bastards brats pests 
 This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet 
 If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts 
 Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck *Clucking* 
 You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough 
 To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut 
 Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up 
 To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass 
 And if it's not a rapper that I make it as 
 I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a 
 Jason 
 mask 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I am a criminal
 And everyone should get along 
 Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & 
 Eric Cartman 
 : 
 Okay children, quiet down, quiet down 
 Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day 
 His name is Mr. Shady 
 Children, quiet down please 
 Brian, don't throw that ( 
 Shut up 
 ) 
 Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out with Pneumonia ( 
 He's got AIDS 
 ) 
 Good luck Mr. Shady 
 Hi there, little boys and girls ( 
 Fuck you 
 ) 
 Today we're going to learn how to poison squirrels 
 But first I'd like you to meet my friend Bob ( 
 Huh? 
 ) 
 Say hi Bob (Hi Bob), Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom 
 He don't got a job cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot 
 But his 12 year old brother looks up to him an awful lot 
 And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot 
 And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock 
 When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog 
 Drag 'em in the woods and goes straight to the chopping block 
 And even if they escaped and they got the cops 
 The ladies would all be just so afraid they'd drop the charge 
 Till one night Mrs. Stacy went off the job 
 When she felt someone grab hold of her face and said not to talk 
 But Stacy knew it was Bob and said knock it off 
 But Bob wouldn't knock it off 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker 
 Crazy good as Slim Shady is off the block, uh 
 You couldn't even take him to 
 Dre's 
 to give Bob a doctor 
 Grabbed Stacy by the legs and chopped them off her 
 And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her 
 But ever since the day Stacy went off to wander they never found her 
 And Bob still hangs at the waffle diner 
 And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana and what it might do to you 
 So see if the squirrels want it, it's bad for you 
 Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem) 
 : 
 See children, drugs are bad (come on) 
 And if you don't believe me ask your dad (raise your hand) 
 And if you don't believe him ask your mom (that's right) 
 She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will) 
 So kids say no to drugs (that's right) 
 So you don't act like everyone else does (uh huh) 
 And there's really nothing else to say (sing along) 
 Drugs are just bad, m'kay 
 My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it 
 Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (huh?) 
 Speaking of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels 
 Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world 
 If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it 
 Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid 
 And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back 
 So don't get attached it'll attack every bone in your back 
 Meet Zach, 21 years old 
 After hanging out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold 
 And decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys 
 And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it 
 Suddenly, he starts to convulse, and his pulse 
 Goes into hyperdrive, and his eyes roll back in his skull 
 His back arches up, looks like the McDonalds arches 
 He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin' 
 And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him 
 "Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him." 
 'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny 
 So they're laughing at basically nothing, except maybe wasting their money 
 Meanwhile Zach's in a coma, the action is over 
 And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicing yoga 
 And that's the story of Zach: the ecstasy maniac 
 So don't even feed that to squirrels class, 'cause it's bad for you 
 Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem) 
 : 
 See children, drugs are bad (that's right) 
 And if you don't believe me ask your dad (that's right) 
 And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can) 
 She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will) 
 So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack) 
 So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right) 
 And there's really nothing else to say (Uh huh) 
 Drugs are just bad, m'kay 
 And last but not least, one of the most humongous 
 Problems among young people today, is fungus 
 It grows from cow manure, they pick it out wipe if off bag it up 
 And you put it right in your mouth and chew it (Yum yum) 
 And then you start to see some dumb stuff 
 And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em 
 And sometimes you see things that aren't there (like what?) 
 Like fat women in g-strings with orange hair 
 "Mr. Shady, what's a g-string?", it's yarn Clair 
 Women stick them up their behinds, go out and wear 'em 
 And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms 
 Whoops did I say magic mushrooms, I meant fungus 
 Your tongue gets, all swole up like a cow's tongue (How come?) 
 'Cause it comes from a cow's dung 
 See drugs are bad, it's a common fact 
 But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at 
 But don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and go and OD 
 They're gonna come for me, and I'ma have to grow a goatee 
 And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault 
 So don't drugs and do exactly as I don't, because I'm bad for you 
 Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem) 
 : 
 See children, drugs are bad (uh huh) 
 And if you don't believe me ask your dad (put that down) 
 And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can ask) 
 She'll tell you how she does him all the time (and she will) 
 So kids say no to drugs (say no) 
 So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do) 
 And there's really nothing else to say (that's right) 
 Drugs are just bad, m'kay 
 Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & 
 Eric Cartman 
 : 
 Come on children, clap along ( 
 Shut up! 
 ) 
 Sing along children ( 
 Suck my motherfuckin dick! 
 ) 
 Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad ( 
 South Park is gonna sue me! 
 ) 
 So don't do drugs ( 
 Suck my motherfuckin penis! 
 ) 
 So there'll be more for me ( 
 Hippie! God damnit!) 
 ( 
 Mushrooms killed Kenny!...Ewww, ah! 
 ) 
 ( 
 So, fucked up, right now. 
 )
 (Ja Rule) 
 Yo 
 (01) 
 Yooo... uh 
 (Ja Rule) 
 Rule nigga 
 Ja Rule... 01 
 (01) 
 Uh 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Yeah 
 It's our world... please believe 
 Niggas ain't real... please believe 
 It's murda... please believe 
 I-N-C... niggas what's fuckin' with me? 
 R-U-L-E... love me or hate me... baby 
 Refer to 3:36... baby 
 That's the rule... please niggas don't get it confused 
 See this game that we playin'.. y'all playin' to lose 
 Who's next that wanna ride... (who?) 
 Spittin'... (who?).. how I do niggas... (who?).. 
 Knowin' they wanna ride (who?) 
 Rule baby... I've been really outta control lately 
 If you relatin' let me hear ya say... yay-yay... yay-yay 
 Y'all feelin' my pain?.. I've been runnin' wild time and again 
 Y'all swerve in my lane... I'll pull up and start poppin' ya brain 
 Fuck knowin' these broads names... it's () the champagne 
 Y'all niggas is lame... my niggas ain't sane... 
 Who you fuckin' with? 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?).. 
 Then wanna ride... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?) 
 Y'all don't like... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We live it... we breathe it... we screamin' murda murda murda 
 (Ja Rule) 
 Murder INC. is my blood... 
 We go through the pain together... by any means 
 Poppin' it hot at whoever... or so it seems 
 Niggas that getting hot... not this hot nigga very hot 
 See it in your eyes... niggas ready to die 
 But as long as I'm alive... I'm puttin' this on my life 
 For niggas that ain't right... they get it upon sight 
 If ya know me... then you'll no way... pop away 
 Cock and pop again... baby... men will be men 
 I spit off 10... fuck it give 'em the 16 
 Like my guns dirty and hands clean... 
 Loose bitches in tight jeans 
 Old money and crack fiends... was a fetish... 
 Before Guliani got into office and deaded shit 
 Fuck it... I'm livin' my life on the edge 
 Got one in the head... plus a niggas Fed... 'nuff said 
 I'm gonna behead niggas that don't believe this 
 Rule baby... 3:36 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?) 
 Then wanna ride... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?) 
 Y'all don't like... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We live it... we breathe it... we screamin' murda murda murda 
 (01) (Ja Rule) 
 We are the world's most dangerous... niggas alive 
 All of my niggas bang with us... and let's ride 
 Muthafuckas will ball but not many survive 
 Cause 50 shots... tearin' through the side of ya ride 
 'Cause we are... (MURDERERS) 
 Muthafucka you heard... playa... (MURDERERS) 
 Poppin' collars in air 
 Poppin' shots through ya rearview 
 Bullets, they tear through 
 Got niggas wonderin' like... "What the fuck did I do?" 
 So niggas wanna go and get they man 'cause they can't do this shit 
 Because they ain't got no heart for this... bust a gun and body shit 
 Niggas like you probably snitch... do a nigga then get rich 
 Niggas like you always fit... 6 feet deep inside a ditch 
 There ain't nothin' fuckin' with this... ya know why? 
 Nigga I just came into the game... "Ready to Die" 
 Ready to hold heat... drive-by with Rule 
 Poppin' shots through the sun roof screamin' "Fuck You!" 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?) 
 Then wanna ride... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?) 
 Y'all don't like... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We live it... we breathe it... we screamin' murda murda murda 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?).. 
 Then wanna ride... (who?) 
 Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!) 
 (Vita) 
 It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda 
 We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda 
 (Ja Rule) (01) 
 Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?) 
 Y'all don't like... (who?)
 Yo 
 (Yo) 
 Look! 
 (Yo) 
 Eminem- 
 No matter what people say 
 I'm gon' keep rapping this way 
 No matter what you may think 
 I'm gon' keep doing my thing 
 One of the worst things 
 Is fat, bald men decided to write songs 
 And teach Mouseketeers to sing 
 I'll stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors 
 So she gets fifty years of bad luck 
 Causing terror to Christina Aguilera 
 When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara 
 (Bitch!) 
 You aware of this rap terrorist with a therapist 
 With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled up his pants 
 Got a habit of holding Tylenol in his hands 
 Till it melts in his fucking palms and dissolves in his glands 
 (So who is it?) 
 Fool who visits the playground 
 With two biscuits to lay down the school district 
 Get pissed with a whip with a Marseburg 
 With a pistol grip and fed pit bull shit 
 Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits 
 If I get too rich I just get sued 
 Redman- 
 Yo I leave with no injure 
 After I blow four one in ya 
 One handstand on top of your ninja 
 Crashin' Doc stir the madness 
 We all out of work like Tony Atlas 
 Walking with cans in a laundry basket 
 America's most with the army after us 
 Fuck flossin' we take what's yours 
 Unload fifteen like an ace and four 
 I'm out of work but Doc laid them off 
 (Shit! The power's out) 
 The tape is off 
 Yo who target it from arsonists? 
 Paper make pens filled with arsenic 
 I got hoes that don't know what Prada is 
 Doc can shave up, cut your barber miss 
 ? 
 I turn out camps in to crystal lakes 
 And fuck bitches face is what I'mma do 
 Cause that's what white boy Tyno do 
 Eminem- 
 So how's everybody doing tonight? 
 Hope you in the mood to get drunk 
 To screw and to fight 
 Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it 
 So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this 
 Redman- 
 So how's everybody feeling tonight? 
 Hope you in the mood to get rude 
 And illin' to fight 
 Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it 
 So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump 
 Redman- 
 Yo when my gat spit it hospital son admitted 
 Rip your lips off kiss my ass with it 
 Slap bitches, Doc, Marshall Math's... 
 (Print it!) 
 Weed, ex, and the acid tabs did it 
 I'm what's happening with no rerun 
 Doc rob Dinero when the heat come 
 My barrel hangs out the Camero 
 Aimed at the nose when them hoes is hard to breathe from 
 Flash the gat your town bow guarded 
 Your wallet, your chain the main target 
 Beef is like cold engine, don't start it 
 Bust in the air and hit an airplane pilot 
 We pound you, rap surround sounds around you 
 From ten speed and brown shoe 
 Doc and Eminem, cock the M&M 
 Blood flows with 2Paclypse and them 
 It's like Funk Doctor 
 Eminem- 
 Mr. Punk Rocker 
 Got the drug stock inside the lunch box 
 Pop junk like I just got jumped 
 Pop the trunk and pull out the shotgun pump 
 Knock wood, it's all good 
 Thank God for vodka 
 But with my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker 
 Probably got a Fanatic waiting upstairs in the attic 
 With an automatic calling me up there 
 My man Stan with a gat in his hand 
 Staking my house out in a damn tinted Sedan 
 Pull your mouth out till you can't finish a damn 
 Ham sandwich or your canned spinach or Spam 
 You gotta sip through a straw 
 Shop lift through the mall 
 Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall 
 Hey ma maybe I'll give you a call 
 Sike! you fucking bitch! 
 Suck a dick and two balls 
 I'm giving you all my shocking script 
 Which is to piss a priest off with this 
 Pop more pills than police officers 
 Arrive at the scene to pull me off of Kim 
 Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls 
 But y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all 
 'Cause I'm so goddamn off the wall 
 I might as well be a painting smashed on the floor 
 Eminem- 
 No matter what people say 
 I'm gon' keep doing my thing 
 No matter, OH!
 Dr. Dre 
 Check check 
 One, two 
 One, two 
 One, two (is it rolling?) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, Dr. Dre up in here 
 Y'all know what this is 
 It's what y'all been waiting for 
 Funk Master Flex 
 Big Kap 
 Def Jam Records giving it to you, baby 
 Yo, Eminem 
 Show these motherfuckers what time it is, baby 
 Eminem 
 I used to be a lonely man (only mad) 
 Until I got a million dollars, shit 
 Now if I only had some fucking hair 
 I'd pull it, faster than a bullet 
 Out of 
 Tupac 
 's chest 
 Before the ambulance came too late to do it 
 I'm trying to grow it back again 
 It was an accident 
 I had my back against a fan 
 Who chopped it off in Amsterdam 
 I hate the straight jacket, it ain't latching 
 They can't lock it 
 So they stapled my hand 
 To my pants pockets 
 The cell's padded and battered 
 Like someone else had it before me 
 And just kept throwing them-fucking-selves at it 
 My head is aching 
 I'm dedicated to medication 
 But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedation? (come on) 
 Anyway, I got down with Dre (what up?) 
 The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray 
 Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the police" 
 When you still had your mother's fucking nipple 
 Stuck in your teeth (fucking baby) 
 Became a role model after Colorado 
 Now all they do is follow me around and holler, "Bravo" 
 Hell yeah, I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public 
 Suck my dick, bitch 
 I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face, but I won't 
 'Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place 
 So put a sock in it 
 With your fake-ass Tupac image 
 You faggots ain't tough 
 You just get drunk and become talkative (wanna fight?) 
 I'm probably the awkwardest alcoholic talking 
 Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket 
 So when you see me on your block 
 Stumbling, mumbling a bunch of dumb shit 
 Like my drunk uncle does 
 I ain't buzzed, I'm just high on life 
 So why on earth would I need drugs 
 When I can fly on kites? 
 Motherfuckers 
 Slim Shady 
 Dr. Dre 
 Dr. Dre 
 Eminem 
 I'm drunk pass the test 
 (Chorus) (repeat 2X) 
 Eminem 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Dr. Dre 
 Keep it moving 
 Off and on 
 Eminem is on 
 Off and on 
 Dr. Dre is on 
 Eminem 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Dr. Dre 
 Keep it moving 
 Off and on 
 Eminem is on 
 Off and on 
 Dr. Dre is on 
 Eminem 
 The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire 
 I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (ah) 
 Psych I'm just joking, for Christ sakes 
 Don't get so bent out of shape 
 'Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends 
 Some people just don't get it 
 But I won't let it upset me 
 'Cause they don't know better 
 They don't know what the fuck it's like to be so fed up 
 And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up 
 My mind's got a mind of its own 
 Sometimes I can't find it at home 
 It hides in the stove (hello, where you at?) 
 Shit, talk about your brain being baked 
 My shit's still in the oven on 480 degrees 
 Hailey Jade 
 Daddy loves you, baby 
 Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter 
 Fuck you, lady 
 You critics wanna criticize but couldn't visualize 
 Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes (fuck it) 
 The neighborhood that I grew up in 
 You could die for nothing 
 And Dirty Dozen watches over me 
 So try some dumb shit 
 I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth 
 And shove his head in the fan blade 
 Don't ever tell me what 
 I can and what I can't say 
 Or change 'cause of the 
 Age range in my fan base 
 Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit 
 Quit fucking buying it 
 I'm tired, bitch 
 I'm dying to quit 
 Hip hop is universal now 
 It's all commercial now 
 It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now 
 But now the white kids like it 
 So they tell me I can buy it 
 But as soon as I get on the mic, it's like the night get silent 
 Either that or booed, that's why I keep an attitude 
 And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon 
 I'm sick of being judged, fuck it, let me see a judge 
 I'll confess to every murder 
 I committed since three years old 
 Eminem 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Dr. Dre 
 Keep it moving 
 Off and on 
 Eminem is on 
 Off and on 
 Dr. Dre is on 
 Dr. Dre 
 Yo, fuck that 
 Turn that shit off 
 Let's get the fuck out of here 
 You know how we do
 (Uh, hell yeah man, hm, oh fuck yeah 
 When I'm not at home, beating my shit to death 
 I'm listening to the Madd Rapper's album 
 This is Ken Kaniff, and I'm still mad as hell... fuck you) 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm crazy with this razor with this razor I'm crazy 
 With this crazor I'm razy, razor crazed I'm crazy! 
 (Ok I'm Re-Loaded!) Go Bring Jay-Z! 
 (Tell them him I'ma ghostwrite for him!) Over Dre's Beats! 
 Ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket 
 At the banquet and started to spank it (Ah!) 
 Came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank 
 At the clerk and handcuffed her ankles to the safe and thanked her 
 But I didn't take nothing (Thanks!) 
 Every bullet came from the same gun 
 Just from different angles, 'cause I was pickin' strange places to aim from 
 (Mad Rapper: Man, I bet you 50 bucks you won't jump out the window 
 Shady) 
 (Crash) (Ah!) Pay me 
 (Madd Rapper) 
 Psych, no way fucked up in the head 
 Shot my girl and my sister 'cause I caught them in bed (Wait, wait, wait) 
 I'm a crazy mothafucka might shoot me a fed 
 Or I just might start a fist fight instead 
 See as far as the dough go 
 I go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local Sunoco 
 Stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa 
 Jump turnstyles, then run from po po 
 Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy 
 Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy 
 Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy 
 Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!) 
 Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy 
 Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy 
 Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy 
 Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!) 
 (Madd Rapper) 
 Yo yo, I wish I'd been aborted 
 My pockets got a shortage 
 Everything I wanna floss I can't afford it 
 I'm tryin' to sell a O', my pops tryin' to snort it 
 My daughter's babysitter is about to be deported 
 I'm mad 'cause I still stand in line for clubs 
 Mad cause my rottweiler still shits on the rugs (God Dammit Spike!) 
 Feeling kinda crazy now, I just might flip out 
 Slim Shady gave me shrooms and I might trip out, like... 
 (Eh... Oh... Dude... That shit's crazy man... ooh... This is incredible... oh...) 
 Fuck that Slim keep that for yourself 
 You a crazy Withe dude and you need some help, word 
 (Eminem) 
 I got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home 
 What would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone? 
 I'm straight viscious I hit you with plates and dishes 
 Leave you eight stitches, what I'm gay 'cause I hate bitches? 
 Slut don't be nice to me, I've had it with girls 
 And I'll still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me (Sorry!) 
 You're hearing the last thoughts of a man about to blow his fuckin' brains out 
 Fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse 
 Spread out on a blood stained couch 
 In front of his kids that he just killed in the same house 
 I'm sicker than Boy George picturin' Michael Jackson 
 In little boys' drawers shoppin' at toy stores **whistling** 
 Shady said it, Shady meant it, I stay demented 
 I'll throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it 
 Go ahead pull the plug, think I won't smack you 
 I just dropped a fuckin' pill mom, don't vacuum! 
 Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy 
 Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy 
 Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy 
 Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!) 
 Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy 
 Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy 
 Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy 
 Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!)
 Slim mother fuckin' shady... all right 
 Missy elliot, Timbo, c'mon, yo 
 I'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends 
 Holdin' a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends 
 Sprayin techs at you 
 Until you see the fuckin' legs full of bullets holes and the exit wounds layin next to you. 
 Fuckin' mad dog, foamin out the mouth 
 Fuck mouth, my whole house is foamin out the couch 
 Jumped outta a 93 floor of a buildin 
 And shot every window out on the way to the ground (keep filmin) 
 Woke up to a hospital staff 
 Got up and laughed 
 Chopped 'em in half 
 And sufficated your oxygen mask 
 If I get any higher ima get the east and west beefin again 
 Fly back to detroit and stand in the cross-fire 
 (Ken Kaniff's voice) oh fuck... oh shit 
 I got the hotel room ready 
 What time are you gettin' off... work 
 Or shall I say 
 What time are you comin' over 
 Yo, yo, I'm only smilin' when I'm violent, 
 Got on the plane wylin, 
 Told the piolet to fly me to tylenol Island 
 Stewardess like "you restless?" 
 "No bitch, I'm rest-Full, so hold this fuckin' jet still so I can eat this pretzels" 
 Forget school, 
 The other kids are disrespectfull, 
 They hold me down and play connect-the-dots with my freckles 
 I can't take it 
 I'm tryin' to gain weight, 
 So I eat steak 
 And swallow the whole plate 
 And weigh myself, naked 
 Without albulms 
 To teach kids family values 
 'Cause every mom and dad should allo you to pop vaiulums 
 And never hit sum 1 unless you got a reason 
 And if there ain't a reason 
 Make 1 up and just start swingin'
 (Announcer) 
 Welcome back, to the stage of history 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo... Slim Shady! 
 Yo... I fuckin'... I 
 I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww) 
 Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to 
 The only key that I see to defeat you 
 Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you 
 And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe 
 I lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
 You think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from underneath you 
 (Bitch!) I ain't a fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal 
 I ain't tryin' to shoot you, 
 I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you 
 Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass 
 And have you with open gashes just strapped to a soakin mattress 
 Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ah!) 
 Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis 
 I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket 
 To fill it full of explosive gases 
 And close it back with a lit match in it 
 While I sit back and just hope it catches 
 Blow you to fragments 
 Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes 
 Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X) 
 I see the light at the end 
 But every time I take a step, it gets dim 
 Tell me is this hell we're livin' in? 
 If so, heaven's got to be better 
 But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down 
 (J-Black) 
 Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never) 
 I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse 
 I'ma drink till my liver rot, see the doc 
 Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, fuck the liver spot 
 One day we all gon' die 
 But when I die, I'ma be so high 
 That I'ma get up and walk, leavin' the concrete bare 
 With the chalk outline still there 
 I smoke till I choke and I sex a lot 
 I got a cross on my chain but it's just to rock 
 Now if I pray everynight (night) 
 Do I still have to hold my tray very tight? 
 You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth 
 I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse 
 I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse 
 Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk 
 See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Northface 
 Nickle nine at my waist, on the Lord's faith 
 Angels greet me but I don't reply back 
 Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at? 
 (Announcer) 
 Maxi was seriously wounded but the soul still burns 
 Final battle, fight! 
 (Masta Ace) 
 Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso 
 Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso 
 And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger 
 Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger 
 I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound 
 And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds 
 My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger 
 Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her 
 Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her 
 Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager 
 My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel 
 My flows spill like usin' the wrong end of a funnel 
 Everyday I grow more older, and more colder 
 Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder 
 I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare 
 Cause you fuckin' with some niggaz like this who just don't care 
 (J-Black) 
 But every time I take a step, it gets dim... 
 Tell me is this hell we're livin' in? 
 Haha... 
 (Announcer) 
 Time's up! 
 You lose!
 (Pace Won) 
 Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? 
 Outz in the area tearing things up 
 Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? 
 Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!) 
 Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? 
 Outz in the area tearing things up 
 Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? 
 Outz in the area tearing things up 
 (Az-Izz) 
 Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence 
 Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence 
 Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event 
 Outz in a fear of family presents 
 Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat 
 To roast motherfuckers, over lactose 
 Stay skeed off laced weed 
 I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks 
 Rolling box of Tracies 
 (Pace Won) 
 Call a go-go dancer 
 Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer 
 Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up 
 Once for my cock, twice for my block, 
 I got it locked like handcuffs 
 Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut 
 Swing a blow you can't duck 
 Throw up your hands, what? 
 Nobody on earth could see Pacer 
 I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer 
 (Slang Ton) 
 I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie 
 Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna 
 And if you ever wanna get a deal 
 You should either OD off skill pills 
 Or steal my reel-to-reel 
 Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when 
 I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints 
 Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is 
 And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?) 
 I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha) 
 Right off the top, then go back to the top 
 And then repeat it (Ha) 
 Write it down on the paper 
 And still be able to read it (Sorry) 
 I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear) 
 I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!) 
 I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out 
 I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years 
 ((Pace Won) So dunn, here?) 
 Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear 
 Lauryn, huh? Hill? 
 ((Pace won) There's more than one? IIIllll) 
 What? You want me to stop? Here? 
 (Young Zee) 
 Yeah 
 Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red 
 Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head 
 Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs 
 Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave 
 Yeah, we all of the a volumes 
 What be the outcome? 
 We selling twenty million albums 
 Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that 
 You fell off, and had to take your five mic 
 And push a white Ac, with a bike rack 
 (Axe) 
 It's the A, the X, the E 
 Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free? 
 F' with we, what you expect to see 
 Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace 
 Bet they find my pistol next to me 
 My dick is giving ecstasy 
 Shit I say, spread like leprosy 
 I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee 
 Living recklessly, cock the weaponry 
 Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3 
 Yo follow, never question me 
 (Pace Won) 
 C'mon yo 
 Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? 
 Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? 
 Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what? 
 Outz in the area tearing things up 
 Outworld baby
 Its its its its its... murda! 
 Wait stop the questions please 
 I've been on my knees 
 Beggin these disease 
 To stop from killin' these 
 Messed up cronic crease 
 Of the diseased 
 Uh oh 
 Letz go slow 
 On the radio low 
 Down south where they know 
 How it's gonna be 
 I said its murda (murda!) 
 To me 
 I don't need no ****in c 
 (Reapeat chorus) 
 Reapeat the laws 
 Dynamite flaws 
 All over yaws 
 Dis ting ain't no joke 
 Just go slow 
 To the hip hop show 
 Uh oh uh oh 
 Datz it for me 
 But wait till ya see 
 What's next for the 
 Slim shady
 Yo I keep m luv snug bruv 
 But I'm white, so I don't know no thug luv 
 But what you do find is thugs luv then 2time 
 It's a truecrime but most do it 
 Like should I or should'nt I arrr screw it 
 Then when she finds out your cheating 
 She gives you a raw beating for leaving 
 And not luvin 
 Then shit gets heated hotter than a hot oven 
 'Cause you've broken bonds 
 Kissed others with open tongs 
 Being disloyal 
 Like what's been planted in this soil 
 But this is all I've herd 
 How they cheat and end up dead from their bird 
 So if you blare a word of cheating 
 You havent put one foot in 
 You've stook both feet in 
 Then you start watching your back from day one 
 Like you got your clothes the wrong way on 
 But as I say 
 I don't know no thug luv and I'm not one like goldie (ahah) 
 So were did I get this shit from? 
 A little birbie told me
 (E) = Eminem as eminem 
 (D) = Eminem as his mom 
 Here's the story... Of a little boy 
 Growing up in a suburban home 
 Tryin' to cope with everyday life 
 He lives in a little house 
 That was built in the middle of the street 
 (E) 
 Hey mom tupac's on the juke box 
 (D) 
 So what, he shot 2 cops 
 And raped a little girl watchin news watch 
 (E) 
 Nuh ah they were tryna frame him 
 (D) 
 You and that Tu Pac shakur 
 (E) 
 No that ain't how you say his name mom 
 You're so lame... Don't you know anything? 
 (D) 
 Yeah I know you probably doin' joint in a gang 
 (E) 
 Yeah right, I'm out where's my fuckin' walkman at? 
 (D) 
 Stop Cussin at me! 
 (E) 
 Shut up bitch! 
 (D) 
 Quit Talkin' Black! 
 (E) 
 Well slammed the door and I'm out 
 Now what? It's probably warm in the house 
 Fuck, I forgot my jacket 
 I forgot it was winter 
 I'm Gettin' Thinner 
 I'm hungry, is mom cookin dinner? 
 Mom let me back in I forgot my coat! 
 Mom come on I'm not playin' its cold! 
 Aight sorry I need a jacket 
 Mom look! My TuPac tape I just cracked it! 
 Mom please let me back in 
 It is TuPac Shakur 
 I just asked him! 
 I'm Freezing (*sneeze*) I'm Sneezing 
 I'm breathing to much cold air 
 I'm Wheezing 
 I ain't did nothin' 
 I ain't say I'm leaving 
 I said I'm goin' on the front porch to get something! 
 (*Cutting noises*) 
 (D) 
 Aight Here Take Your Damn Coat And Leave! 
 (E) 
 Fine I'll leav--Mom You Cut Off The Sleaves! 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house...(1, 2,3) 
 In the middle of the street 
 (E) 
 My teacher's two faced 
 He went to lower all my school grades 
 'Cause last Thursday I had a tooth ache from kool-aid 
 So mom kicked me out 
 (D) 
 Get Out! 
 (E) 
 All I had was my suitcase, 
 A shoelace, a tube sock 
 And a tube of toothpaste 
 Sometimes it was cool 
 'Cause I could go to a freinds 
 Crash there, fool around and just skip school 
 But other times I'd rather be home 
 In my own room, Alone 
 Beatin' my shit 
 And nobody would know 
 My little brother sucked on a bottle till he was six 
 So I'd hide it inside the couch and say 
 "I don't know where it is.." 
 But as soon as mom found it 
 I would either get grounded 
 Or kicked out of the house a thousand weeks 
 I'm still countin'! 
 Even when I was under age... 
 Mom was tellin' cops I was tryna run away... 
 I told her "Some day bitch, you gonna pay..." 
 Please mom please mom please I wanna stay... 
 (Let me stay!) 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house...(yo) 
 In the middle of the street 
 (E) 
 My brothers incoharent 
 Moms a single parent 
 Who ain't caring, Staring through me like I'm transparant 
 Made it clear that I was just there to run her errands 
 Told her friends that I was the son from her last marriage 
 Sent me up to the corner store with a little note 
 (D) 
 Please sell my stepson ciggarettes so I can smoke. 
 (E) 
 One time I tried to fake a stich to get attention... 
 Back fired and mom sent me to school with vengeance 
 My life is the worst thing that could ever have happened to me 
 I go to class and every teachers always laughing at me 
 Mom says "white rappers always get laughed at" 
 Not only that, she heard me upstairs and I can't rap 
 But I'm stupid 
 I'll never make it average or a D+ 
 I need to sit on my ass 
 And just sue people like she does 
 One time I got food poisening from a hotdog 
 Mom sued and got $2000 from Ballpark 
 Hey mom you got a doller? 
 (D) 
 I don't Think so 
 Now keep an eye on your brother, 
 I'm Going to bingo 
 (E) 
 But mom you said... you were broke 
 (D) 
 Who said? 
 You got your ears messed up (awwww) 
 From that damn rap music 
 (Chorus to fade) 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street 
 Our house... 
 In the middle of the street
 Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 (Verse One) 
 I'm rockin' shit, packin shit, while stackin shit 
 If anyone steps up askin shit, I'm blastin shit 
 You gone phase me, but swingin' like Peter Parker 
 Motherfuck the shop, I'll wreck the Goddamn barber 
 Forget your dreams about being with fans hugged up 
 You couldn't be a dope MC if you said his rhymes drugged up 
 I told you once, but you forget so here's a flashback 
 "You couldn't be shit, if you came out my asscrack" 
 Stop frontin kid, you know you ain't paid 
 And the only mic/Mike you wrecked was that kid you fought in first grade 
 Ain't nothin' lyrical about you but your lies 
 So cut the shit, cause its startin to draw flies 
 You're played like my five-year old's newborn toys 
 Don't know shit about Chicago, but I could still make Illa Noyz 
 Like Robin Leech I display stylish ways 
 That's rough like my face when I haven't shaved in days 
 Listen up, all these words take heed 
 When I cock and squeeze, no more MC's breathe (none) 
 I'm sick of this, here's my final dis 
 Fuck you dumb niggaz you ain't shit like this 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 (Eminem) 
 My Smith and Wessy got you layin in some alley messy 
 Got your family lookin' for your ass on Sally Jesse 
 We squash beef in the mo', when you ain't breathin no more 
 Leavin' your skull split like Steven Seagal 
 Let the cat out, flat out, Detroit's a mad house 
 So I don't get offended when I hear my city badmouthed 
 We quick to pull the gat out and set it 
 And leave you with more shit missin' than a Lil' Kim radio edit 
 Stick up kids be tryin' to live paid 
 You get your grill sprayed with twenty-seven bullets in your ribcage 
 Get the gauge, cock it back, empty your pockets, Jack 
 Or I'ma send you flyin like a rocketpack 
 Murder you for a bag of chips and a chocolate snack 
 Break into your crib still your shit and lock it back 
 Ten-year old kids be standin on the block with gats 
 Just for livin' nowadays'll get you flocked with bats 
 Where I'm from... yaknow what'm sayin'?, that's some old Detroit shit 
 Y'all wouldn't know about that shit, though. Less you come 
 To my city, ya know what'm sayin'? See where we live, 
 'Cause we shine 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 (Hush) 
 MC's put Detroit up in they rap songs 
 Cause without us there careers wouldn't last long 
 So like a generation we've been passed on 
 Now it's our time to shine, put your glasses on 
 Got these A & R's and labels with binoculars 
 Lookin' in, jockin us and not jockin yours 
 Too many groups follow trends, unoriginal 
 Usin' loops that transcend every bitch in you 
 Don't ever try to say this is a ghost town 
 One million rappers in this bitch, they need to slow down 
 Evualute the situation, all the rest are killers 
 Fly hoes out on Jefferson with the drug dealers 
 Two years in the joint, nobody's touchin Hush 
 Try to say you'll put us down, but your under us 
 Now who the fuck are you? its just coincidental 
 When your rhyme your even worse than the instrumental 
 Your just a phone-tapper with no backbone 
 Talkin' shit, I got a clique that only pack chrome 
 Have your ass gone, nowhere to run, when we hit 
 Next time you'll think twice of who you fuckin' wit 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?) 
 "When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray 
 "Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
 Eminem: Aite 
 Fred Durst: Check! Slim Shady, do the mic. kid 
 (Eminem) 
 I don't do black music 
 I don't do Withe music 
 I make fight music 
 For High School kids 
 I pull side full grips 
 When I drive like this {screech} 
 With a slipped disk 
 From a Limp Bizkit diss 
 I just missed the gift list for Christmas gifts 
 So I get pissed and can't pick which wrist to slit 
 Little rich kids in cribs 
 Don't attempt this shit 
 Just step back 
 While I prep up to pimp this bitch 
 So I said to the girl, I'm like 
 "What up girl?" 
 "Shut up girl!" 
 And showed her a cut-up squirrel 
 She screamed bloody murder so loud everybody heard her 
 Slapped me in the mouth and called me a nutty murderer 
 I moved on to two blondes 
 And kissed 'em on a futon 
 {Ay yo baby!} 
 {What do you want?!} 
 I looked at 'em both and I was like 
 "Look, check this out toots, I'm lookin' for cookie pus" 
 I need to speak to 'em immediately 
 They played my video on MTV last week 
 And just when I was thinkin' I was all that and then some 
 In comes Fred Durst 
 (Fred Durst) 
 Yo Shady let me get some 
 Who knows what galaxy I came from 
 One where a bass drum hung from my high chair 
 Now I'm a nightmare 
 You stay right there 
 I got the diva 
 Hold the flavor of a single 
 See me and Shady? 
 I think we got a lock down 
 Shocked by the sound 
 I got you cruisin' with your top down 
 These two blondes 
 I offered 'em both a drink 
 And this you would think 
 Could get the party started 
 But instead them girls turned their heads 
 Opened up their mouths 
 Smelt like somebody farted 
 So if it's time for me to move on 
 Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor 
 So turn me loose 
 I was cuttin' the rug with this chick 
 Bumped into this dude who was drunk 
 And a prick 
 Ramblin' on about how 
 He was gonna kill me 
 Wow! 
 I spilled a drink on his shirt 
 But no- He insisted we should go 
 Before I could drop 'em 
 Shady had to clock 'em 
 The music stopped 
 The party stood in shock 
 So I looked around 
 Grabbed the cutest girl and did the smurf 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 This party's goin' my way 
 Or no way at all 
 But don't you 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 This party's goin' my way 
 Or no way at all 
 (Eminem) 
 Turn me loose 
 You better tell 'em to come re-shingle the roof 
 Just keep feedin' me free drinks till I puke 
 And Fred'll ask me to lead sing in his group 
 I'm sick at the barn 
 I'm not bein' approached 
 'Cause Fred's over there stealin' all of my hoes 
 {Yo Fred save me some} 
 I walked up to these saimese twins 
 And asked to have a threesome 
 Told 'em two heads are better that one 
 Plus I respect how y'all roll together as one 
 Got a slap in the teeth and a kick in the groin 
 Stood up like "Ay wait, where you goin" {bye!} 
 Oh well 
 Three strikes and I'm out 
 I struck out and stood tied to the road {ouch} 
 I ain't tryin' no more 
 Fuck it- I'm chillin' 
 Get a shot of yable {ah} 
 Fell asleep on the ceiling 
 (Fred Durst) 
 Who knows what galaxy I came from 
 One where a bass drum hung from my high chair 
 Now I'm a nightmare 
 You stay right there 
 I got the diva 
 Hold the flavor of a single 
 See me and Shady? 
 I think we got a lock down 
 Shocked by the sound 
 I got you cruisin' with your top down 
 These two blondes 
 I offered 'em both a drink 
 And this you would think 
 Could get the party started 
 But instead them girls turned their heads 
 Opened up their mouths 
 Smelt like somebody farted 
 So if it's time for me to move on 
 Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor 
 So turn me loose 
 I was cuttin' the rug with this chick 
 Bumped into this dude who was drunk 
 And a prick 
 Ramblin' on about how 
 He was gonna kill me 
 Wow! 
 I spilled a drink on his shirt 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 This party's goin' my way 
 Or no way at all 
 But don't you 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 Turn me loose 
 This party's goin' my way 
 Or no way at all
 Eminem 
 Fucking Crazy 
 Hi! 
 Oringinal bad boy on the case cover your face 
 Came in the place blowed and sprayed Puffy with mace 
 I laced your weed with insect repellent better check the smellin' 
 Eminem starts with an E, better check the spellin' with a capital 
 Sombody grab me a snapple 
 I got an asprin capsule trapped in my adam's apple 
 Sombody dropped me on my head and I'm sure that my mother did it 
 But the bitch won't admit it was her 
 I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months 
 And said I'm ready now bitch, ain't you feelin' these kicks cunt? 
 The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
 I'll probably have the cell next to the furnace in hell 
 I'm sicker then sperm cells with syphalis germs 
 And I'm hotter than my dick is when I piss and it burns 
 I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach 
 And vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it 
 Hit you in the head with a brick till you plummet 
 If y'all don't like me you can suck my dick till you numb it 
 And all that gibberish that you were spittin' you need to kill it 
 'Cause your style is like dying in my sleep, I don't feel it 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi) 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi) 
 My mic's grillin' you, staring you down with a grin to grin 
 I'm Eminem, you're a fag at a women's gym 
 I'm Slim, so Shady is really you're fake alias 
 To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens 
 A braniac with a cranium packed full of more uranium than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
 A highly cumbustible head, spasmatic strapped to a Craftmatic adjustable bed 
 Laid up in the hospital in critical condition 
 I flat lined, jumped up and ran for the mortician 
 High speed, IV full of Thai weed, lookin' Chinese 
 With my knees stuck together like siamese 
 Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians 
 Pins and needles hyperdermic needles and pins 
 I hope God forgives me for my sins 
 It probably all depends on if I keep on killin' my girlfriends 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi) 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi) 
 Last night I OD'd on rush, mushrooms and dust 
 And got rushed to the hospoital to get my system flushed (shucks) 
 I'm an alcoholic, and that's all I can say 
 I call in to work cause all I do is frolick and play 
 I swallow grenades, take a bottle of water a day 
 A Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be 
 Gimme eleven Excedrin and my head'll spin 
 Medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine 
 Scratch my balls till I shred the skin 
 Doctor check this rash, look how red it's been 
 It's probably Aids, forget it then 
 I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
 That don't even make sense, like dikes using dildos 
 So reach in your billfold for ten duckets 
 And pick up your Slim Shady shit is on rucus 
 Somethin' somethin' somethin', I get weeded 
 My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi) 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi) 
 Hi! Something's not right, I'm sorry, I'm mentally retarded 
 Slim shady, I think that's my name 
 Rucus Records, fuckin' crazy 
 You hear us? We're fuckin' crazy! 
 All of us 
 Hi, Bye 
 Night, something
 What would it take to push a man, far enough 
 To put somethin' material over a human life? 
 What would drive someone completely over the edge 
 To do some shit like that? 
 The green and gold. 
 I done filled my lungs up 
 With so much of this crack smoke 
 My necks bloated, my tech's loaded 
 I'm flat broke, and I'm pissed off 
 Mad at the world I've had it with girls 
 And I'm frustrated, ran to the bus stop 
 Just made it and hopped on 
 Ready to drop bombs on the first person 
 Who had a nice suit and a watch on 
 I spot John, a white collar worker 
 In clean cut, walked up to 'em 
 He was like, "What?" 
 Whatchu mean what? 
 You know what time it is, man 
 At your next stop gimme that Rolex watch 
 With that diamond wrist band 
 Got his green and his gold, dashed it, 
 Climbed in his van to steal it and seen 
 A man holdin' a nine and then 
 Shot him from the bottom up 
 Stole his keys, put 'em inside the ignition and got 'em stuck 
 Hopped out to flee on my feet 
 Fucked around, forgot that I left my ID on the seat
 Artist : Eminem 
 Song : Watch Deez (Feat. Thirstin Howl III) 
 Album : Heavy Beats Vol. One 
 Submitted by : Hodinem 
 (Thirstin Howl) 
 I hit harder than four men, 
 Landing both gloves to a low blow with no cup 
 Leave you Speech-less like when Arrested Development broke up 
 Carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge 
 Crack skulls, through helmets, 
 With the penetration of a screw, nailed in, 
 Return like I was sending self addressed postage 
 Throw bricks the size of the Stonehenge 
 Before battles we pour blood and toast death to wicked infants 
 Found on the sorceress, doorsteps, 
 Slaughter lamb, and boar's head 
 Every MC's cause of boredness and mind bondage 
 Bronchitis, lung failure 
 Language unfam-i-liar 
 Art through a flooded air brush 
 Road leave craft 
 Sentences joined with words holding hands 
 It's a tight squeeze 
 From where your head will be landing in exact time flight leaves. 
 Watch deez 
 Watch deez 
 Watch deez 
 Don't watch that, watch deez 
 (Eminem) 
 Who's arm is this? 
 I must have cut it off at the pharmacist 
 Who refused to renew my seventh presciption of Darvecets (Sorry) 
 I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets 
 And never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed 
 I hate my life 
 That's why I degrade my wife 
 Grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just ate the knife, 
 My mother's screaming 'please heal and take him straight to Christ' 
 Meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice 
 Made a bomb threat with a fake device 
 Strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice 
 And if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin' 
 I was probably just tryin' to shake the lice 
 Bugs fallin' out of my head 
 I'm wishin' I was dead 
 While I'm fallin' out of my bed 
 Found it red and my rash is returning 
 I feel the sensation of burning 
 Occurring usually during pain for release in my urine 
 Screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me' 
 These pills keep screamin' :"please quit swoalloin' me" 
 The devil keeps screamin':"please get down on one knee" 
 Took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me. 
 Watch deez 
 Watch deez 
 Watch deez 
 Don't watch that, watch deez!
 I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless 
 Patrolling corners 
 Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action 
 Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer 
 And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in the wild hood 
 As a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood 
 That I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed 
 But kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death 
 As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind 
 You and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out 
 I'm blowing mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now 
 It's only fair to warn 
 I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord 
 Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board 
 That smashed into your Honda Accord 
 With a 4 door Ford 
 But a more toward (?) droppin' an accapella 
 The choppa (?) fella 
 The mozarella 
 Worse than a hellacopta propella 
 Got you locked in the cella 
 With your skeleton showing 
 Developing anorexia 
 While I'm standin next to ya 
 Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
 With an IV in your veins 
 Feeding you liquid darvicet 
 Pumping you full of drugs 
 Pull the plugs 
 On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
 Who were picked up in an ambulance 
 And driven 
 To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants 
 And given 
 A less than 20 percent chance 
 Of living 
 Have a possible placement 
 It's a hospital patient 
 Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
 Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
 To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" 
 Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
 And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department 
 I've hired a arson 
 To set fire to carpet 
 And burn up your entire apartment 
 I'm a liar to start shit (?) 
 Got your bitch wrapped around my dick 
 So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit 
 Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
 Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40 
 Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D 
 Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said case closed end of discussion 
 I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombas 
 We blowin' up your house killing your parents 
 And coming back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus 
 'Cause I ain't making no more threats 
 I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more 'cause I smoked crack 
 Today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath 
 Walk the block with a labrador 
 Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul style galore 
 Verbal cow manure 
 Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure
 A shimmy shimmy go go motha fuckin' pop 
 It's the K-K-Kid Rock with the K-K-Kid Rock shit 
 I'm on top bitch and rock for tricks 
 Hella whips and nips and flip trips for whips 
 I get all the money pussy falls like rain 
 Been gettin' laid and paid that's why I never complain 
 If I ain't in it for the money I'm in it for the P (or is it D) 
 It's 1998 yo and you still can't fuck with me 
 You don't be fuckin' with the blue eye 
 Fuckin' with my 2-5 up your fuckin' ass like my shoe size 
 I got a new vibe, kinda like Voodoo 
 You do what we say and we'll do what we want to 
 We're fuckin' up your city and we're fuckin' up your progam 
 Fuckin' all your bitches we can fuckin' give a goddamn 
 Twisted Brown gets down with no assistance 
 We won't quit until we're banned from existence 
 Persistance pays if that holds true 
 Then I'm gonna buy this fuckin' planet before the time I'm through 
 I was praised and raised on the thoughts of no takings 
 So let me get what I got comin' and the rest I'm fakin' 
 I'm shakin' like Jerry Lee Lewis and shit 
 You act like the motherfucker's new at this shit 
 But I've been true to this shit given' my heart and soul 
 Been shinin' like a diamond but gettin' passed as coal 
 So Fuck Off 
 Yeah 
 With my pants half hangin' off my ass and shit 
 Bowl filled hash pockets stuffed with cash 
 I be the mushroom trippin' sippin' shots of Jack 
 'Cause the kids don't listen gettin' lots of flack 
 I be the do wa diddy up and down you block and 
 The 10 karat Kid with my triggers cockin' 
 The K the I the D R-O-C K motherfucker and you still don't know me 
 So blow me bitch I don't rock for *Edited* 
 I rock for the cash and the topless dancers 
 Don't have no answers so pass the joint 
 I'm just paid in full and made in Detroit 
 I ride like Setta in the Indy 5 
 And get live with that which get's me high 
 Strive for perfection this much is true 
 We do what we say you say what we do 
 Kid Rock I couldn't be no Bozo 
 And I get too much nina 
 *Edited* and my glock rolls solo to Arizona 
 I'm an easy rider dreamin' of Wynonna 
 I roam the country like a Greyhound bus 
 Put faith in lust and in God I trust 
 I'm not Peter Pan I don't fuck with fairies 
 But I bust more rhymes than virgin cherries 
 And Harry Carey couldn't call my game 
 Fucked so many hoes I'm in the hall of fame 
 And I show no shame from coast to coast 
 I don't mean to brag, but I like to boast 
 Fuck Off 
 Yeah right in your mother fuckin' ass bitch 
 With that Detroit city shit ain't shit swift we're on the same script 
 Nothing new since 76 Kid Rock 
 Yo Slim Shady come break these mother fuckers off 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo tell the world to hold their breath they're breathing the wrong air 
 This planet belongs to me and this hippy with long hair 
 Two Withe boys who spike punch and light joints 
 Hang around drugs loud music and like noise 
 Slim Shady and Brown Trucker another bunch of mother fuckers 
 Who hate the world as much as each other 
 And I ain't leaving this party tonight 
 Till I see some naked bitches dancin' around drunk touchin' each other 
 Rum and Pepsi got your whole perception of me sketchy 
 'Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me 
 'Cause all I do is curse and fuck 
 So when I do 'shrooms you all better give me two rooms 
 'Cause I'm fuckin' the first one up 
 So when you see me on your block you better lock your cars 
 'Cause you know I'm losin' it when I'm rappin' to rock guitars 
 This is for children who break rules 
 People that straight fool 
 And ever single teenager that hates school 
 Fuck Off
 Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's 
 You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's 
 Then you got your hustlers and hardcore 
 (Domingo) 
 Oh a line with fakes a time 
 Fresh time, with sure more times 
 Jimminy two time respect mine 
 Big click with breakfast and blacklist 
 War! War! War! War! 
 Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen 
 Superstition can help you in this battle 
 G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles 
 All over your shit in shamble 
 Looking the little of latter you fucking runt 
 Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore! 
 Giving you more than what you asking for! 
 (Domingo) 
 Danger hander 
 Banging swinging banner all single hander 
 Hit the left propaganda 
 Ill manner bad grammar stander 
 Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner 
 Hit and slap us, so pajamas 
 Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers 
 Happy brands will make them happy campers 
 Little laughter 
 Shit nappers 
 (Eminem) 
 I'll puke eat and freak you 
 Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to 
 The only key that I see to defeat you 
 Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you 
 And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe 
 I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house 
 You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you 
 I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal 
 I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you 
 Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress 
 Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers 
 Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis 
 (Domingo) 
 Aw yeah {*echoes*}
 (King Tech) 
 One two, one two 
 We dedicate this one to the hip-hop culture y'all 
 Brought to you by the world famous Wake-Up Show! 
 (RZA) 
 Bobby Steels, Staple' tails, MC's get your lips stapled 
 Project Killa Hill is stamped on the map like the compass 
 Sacred sword play tongue-twist, piercin holes in you 
 You can't escape, 70,000 kilowatts blast through your box 
 Woke with alarm clocks, cars drivin' slow down the block 
 One stopped, parks pops his true-a fancy a shag wee burners 
 (Tech N9NE) 
 When I woke up, I got the mic and never chocked up 
 Busted a verse and all the G's in Cali loc'ed up when I was summoned 
 Styles were mixed like the Drummonds, Killer Clown is comin' 
 Look around, your town is crumblin' 
 This Big Tech from the midwest, leavin' MC's lipless 
 On the Wake-Up Show, make up no, stories about my shake-up flow 
 Put me off in a cipher? Partner, you can't fuck with the sniper 
 Your flow's premature, clean your dirt diaper 
 Mic heister, psycho, alpha-schizo 
 Hypno, chryo-gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter 
 Sway and Tech heard me flow and it's sealed 
 Now I got Swedish women yelling, "Tech N9NE's filled!" 
 (Eminem) 
 This place is my house, I might as well erase my face with white-out 
 'Cause y'all can't see me, like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?) 
 Climbed out of a nice house, 
 Through the front window and heard this guy shout, 
 "Hey that's my couch, bitch!" 
 Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout 
 While I'm rippin' this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds 
 And murder you hos worse than flippin' a convertible 
 Nose first with the top off landin' upside-down 
 You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape 
 I'd rather just hump a slut's leg with my nuts shaved 
 And Sway and Tech, two disk jockeys 
 Breakin' so many friggin' needles I wonder if they inject 
 (Xzibit) 
 Lo and behold, better than platinum and gold 
 Yes God bless success, never forsake your soul 
 Xzibit take control, locked, loaded, and ready to roll 
 Play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold 
 'Cause your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up 
 Or listen to my niggas Tech and Sway so you can wake up 
 The X-man, catch me doin' drills in the Danger Room 
 Big game hunting, from high noon to the full moon 
 (Pharoahe Monch) 
 With synonyms, I get an adrenaline rush 
 From minimum thrusts, bust multiple assaults in small interims 
 As horrid as Borris Kolaf was 
 When I cut your neck, leave a little piece of flesh 
 So the head won't fall off, hauled off, sawed off shotgun blast, 
 He asked why did he have to die like cast metal? 
 O, huh, C now like Omar Credle 
 We pone pedal at a high resolution 
 On the Wake-Up Show with Sway, Tech and DJ Revolution 
 (Kool G Rap) 
 I sway the tech with the Tech and Sway 
 Step away, wet and spray, rep the day 
 Who over debt to pay get swept away 
 Across the whole board like checker play 
 When I blaze your whole sect arrays 
 Wake-Up Show for those slept away 
 Niggas meet the tray, hit the deck and pray 
 DJ Revolution, spinnin' like lead from out the heck-AK 
 Tearin' your neck away, flood up the street with bloody decora' 
 Until the head of jake investigate 
 (Jayo Felony) 
 What? Sway can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do with it 
 Tech can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do? 
 Rev can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do with it 
 I can give it to you, wha wha wha what what! 
 (Chino XL) 
 Yo, yo Chino makes the world go 'round 
 Fuckin' up entire record companies like Harrel did to Motown 
 Vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk 
 What flow will I destroy with this time, the most commonest thought 
 The drama that's brought, caught us in a midst of sibling rivalry 
 For instance, there's nothing in existence that can survive with me 
 Clone me like sheep, I clean house like Tony Rand-all 
 With style filed for sexual harassment like Tisha Camp-bell 
 You're whack like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy 
 I fuckin' murder your young style like JonBenet Ramsey 
 Now who the master to beg? Your demo gets passed on the reg 
 You shouldn't have been signed if you had a white cast on your leg 
 I'm Wake-Up Show reppin' with Sway and Tech 
 My tec's like Tekken, the industry weapon 
 I'm Chino X, bring KRS in 
 (KRS-One) 
 De de de de de de da di day, KRS-One comin' with the Tech and Sway 
 Yo, I rock up the littlest set, and on the biggest set 
 As ill as it gets I still manage to wiggle your neck with sweat 
 Never forget, the bigger the budget, the bigger the debt 
 You gotta be willin' to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet 
 But I'm willin' to bet, on a Sway & a Tech 
 They stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin' respect 
 Nevertheless I wreck you, now you know what Sway and Tech do 
 I'll be back but for now just sackle! 
 Fresh, for 99 you suckas
 (Missy) Slim Shady (4X) 
 (Eminem) 
 Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled 
 Pop the same shit that got Tupac killed 
 Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode 
 And punch a bitch in the nose, till her whole face explodes 
 There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches 
 Smack bitches that walk up, and drop-kick midgets 
 Call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward 
 Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg 
 Comin' through the airport, sluggish, walkin' on crutches 
 Hit a fuckin' (*pregnant chick*) in her (*stomach*) with luggage 
 It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out 
 Lookin' for some other thug, to beat the crap out 
 I'm bringin' you rap singers two middle fingers 
 I flip you off in French, then translate in English 
 Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back 
 Speakin' so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady 
 (Shady) Yeah 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim motherfuckin Shady 
 (Shady) Yeah 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady 
 (Shady) Yeah 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... 
 (Eminem) 
 I had a huge attitude, started off staticky 
 Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time) 
 I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity 
 Who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following 
 It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me 
 I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology 
 College girls, live in an alcoholic's world 
 Full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush* 
 Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up 
 I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!) 
 I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse 
 To give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch) 
 And waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood 
 Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good 
 And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin' 
 You motherfuckers are puttin' your words together for nuttin 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady 
 (Shady) What's the deal? 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim motherfuckin Shady 
 (Shady) Yeah... who? 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady 
 (Shady) What's the deal? 
 (Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... 
 (Missy) 
 Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors 
 We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas 
 Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily 
 What you want what you got is it hot? (Is it hot?) 
 Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors 
 We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas 
 Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily 
 What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ah uh yo 
 "A person from another planet might disagree with you" 
 "Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth" 
 (Eminem) 
 Slim Shady... Misdemeanor... 
 Timbaland... Slim Shady... 
 Misdemeanor... 
 I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends 
 Holdin' a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends 
 Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin' legs 
 With the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you 
 (Ah!) Fuckin' mad dog, foamin at the mouth 
 Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch 
 Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building 
 And shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!) 
 Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped 'em in half 
 Suffocated the oxygen mask 
 Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again 
 Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire 
 (Missy) 
 Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track 
 Don't shoot Missy! Get back 
 Uh, I'ma put you all in the line 
 Uh, and I'ma watch you MC's die 
 Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind! 
 I think somebody done pissed her off this time! 
 Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and 
 Uh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh) 
 It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud 
 Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd 
 Uh, I hear the gats go cha-pow 
 Who shot me damnit? Bitch get down 
 Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh) 
 Lay 'em on down, like they lived underground (uh) 
 For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found 
 Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now 
 Uh... one-two 
 Misdemeanor, Slim Shady 
 Timbaland, motherfucker 
 Uh uh uh 
 Cool, cool, cool 
 Triple zero
 Eminem: Shady, that's me 
 Mr. Eon: Iron Mic Trilogy 
 Erik Sermon: Back with the flyest material 
 Eminem: Sh-Sh-Shady, that that, that's me 
 Mr. Eon: Iron Mic Trilogy 
 Erik Sermon: Back with the funky beats 
 Mr. Eon: 
 Packin' this third eye vs. you, a cyclopse 
 They trade in their high tops for nice sized white rocks 
 Words in my right, they pass my left ear 
 It's solid decked out, write the books for next year 
 Bear this grenade you got stun like virgin 
 Who that cat splurgin' instead of rehearsin'? 
 Tough guy, DJ Travi your high rise 
 Lookin' more like Ronald then the fuckin' fry guys 
 Go on uptown, fucking seoritas 
 In Taco Bell screaming, "Viva gorditas!" 
 Bring all your dogs, I give 'em rabies 
 They never had a chance, I might chew up all their babies (waaah) 
 Got Pope John Paul the Second prayin' to Satan 
 Have your vegan girlfriend cooking up bacon 
 I'm obituite with that shit that you hit 
 Smoke my spliff with ya 'cause spina bifida? 
 Eminem: 
 My nine is lifting ya six feet when I spray rounds 
 Hit you with 12 shots in mid-air and four more on the way down 
 The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground 
 You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!) 
 No pun intended, snapped out of your whip 
 And leave it unattended before I whip out this gun and end it 
 Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute 
 'Cause I can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it 
 Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it 
 You cornered a market, I got her tied up in the chair and gag 
 Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged 
 Like cave women, while I'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man's 
 Mr. Eon: 
 If you got a bowl of hash, better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit 
 Eminem: 
 And if you're spittin' whack shit on the microphone 
 I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it 
 Mr. Eon: 
 So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit 
 Eminem: 
 I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 
 Threw my baby's mother in a knapsack and latched it 
 Mr. Eon: 
 Yo, yo, "Eon's whack now," how you dig that? 
 Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap 
 Get the greater rate with these rhymes I be totin' 
 Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem 
 I got stupid mucus from these loose lips 
 My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak 
 To the point that you stand up on your feet, best retreat 
 Best go back in time and steal my whole seed 
 The quickening, did a briss at the christening 
 I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage 
 This thing's the nicest, I keep tellin' you 
 What the fuck this guy on the corner been sellin' you? 
 (Here buy this) 
 Eminem: 
 I'm e-mailing you at the wrong website 
 Mispelling you, break you and put the fear of Hell in you 
 Escape Bellevue you, stuffed the nurse in a purse 
 Disperse like I added too many words in a verse 
 Slim Shady, a perverted version at birth 
 Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church 
 The first person who searchin' the Earth for the motherfucker 
 That pulled the plug when they should of alerted the surgeon first 
 You throwin' curves and hit with your own words 
 Leave me alone bitch, I get on my own nerves 
 And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up 
 I'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all) 
 Mr. Eon: 
 If y'all got a bowl of hash, better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit (gimme that) 
 Eminem: 
 And if you're spittin' whack shit on the microphone 
 I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it 
 Mr. Eon: 
 So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit 
 Eminem: 
 I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 
 Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it 
 Eminem: 
 Any disease out there, I'm willing to catch it 
 Slim Shady, all praises to the High and Mighty 
 Eminem: Slim Shady, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Mr. Eon: Mr. Eon, illest rhyme dropper 
 Eminem Slim Shady, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Mr. Eon: Mr. Eon, illest rhyme dropper 
 Eminem: Slim Shady, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Mr. Eon: Mr. Eon, illest rhyme dropper
 (Shabaam Shadeeq) 
 Of course I rap till I'm hoarse 
 Add the sauce to them dry turkey MC's 
 Say what you like, I toss 
 In theory when you hear me 
 Like the guts of the Dutch 
 Snap caught you in the act like Vivitar 
 AF 2-5-5 auto-focus clear vision 
 Precision mics for people of all types 
 Call the cavalry 
 My brutality switch the pitch gradually 
 Aqua turntable knocka 
 Fresh like binocca 
 Jot the thoughts in my chronicles 
 Remarkable styles Shadeeq taxed it 
 Make an exit to spark mine 
 Nuclear physics with cannibals and phat rhymes 
 They know the time like it's a sundial, X-File 
 (Eminem) 
 Went to bible class with a gun 
 Blasted a nun 
 Fuck hell, Satan sent my ass to the sun 
 I wasn't born I was hatched 
 And dumped in the trash 
 With a note attached saying 
 Someone please whip this brat's ass 
 I never gave a rat's ass or a flying fuck 
 Driving drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck 
 Slammin' the brakes 
 Skiddin out 'cause the tires suck, 
 Went to pull you off my dick 
 And got the pliers stuck 
 You better run 'cause I'm probably the only one 
 Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife 
 And stab you with a gun 
 I like fire, you might see me start it 
 I'm slightly retarded 
 I miss my sanity since the night we departed 
 (Skam) 
 Oldworlddisorder on some outnumbered shit 
 We rather go outta control then to be under it 
 Yo, how you goin' against us 
 When we got nothin' to lose? 
 Must be confused 
 Prayin' to a god that don't excist 
 That wouldn't save yo bible kissin' asses 
 Even if he did 
 We like to twist the misted 
 Genetick dead end 
 Don't got friend 
 Skam is chatter man 
 Posin childeren for depression 
 Stressin ANY language 
 Say my name IN SPANSIH 
 (That's EL CHUPACABRA!) 
 Suck the life outta you-ou 
 There won't be enough of your brain left 
 To fill a tea spoon 
 We two vanishin man that make the bad things blend 
 And probably go platinum on the day that the world ends 
 (Kwest) 
 When it comes to beef 
 I get relieved when I kill it brief 
 Send you a reef 
 Get your family ready for grief 
 I knock your teeth 
 Take a seat like a thief 
 Make a change of release 
 Burn or leave before you go beneath 
 Rappers I kill em 
 Down is to hell is where I send them villain 
 My plan is illin so much I need some peniculine 
 Cats is spillin 'cause I'm down here 
 Kickin shit that's solitaire 
 You crown is rip 
 Cause rapper you sound counterfeit 
 You get a round of clips 
 If you play hard 
 You stay scarred 
 Thinkin' of graveyard 
 You're in a caveyard 
 One in the mill 
 Son I'm ill when it comes to skills 
 Wanna get killed and catch a dum dum in your grill 
 Rappers demenishing is I get to the finish 
 I'm speaking English 
 While your brothers is speaking in gibberish 
 You touch a mic and 
 I'm out to burry your fingers 
 You want some fame? 
 I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer 
 So pay the price 
 Say the nice 
 When I pay the dice 
 I take your life 
 Slay it twice before your arrive 
 (A.L.) 
 Them cats who ride are feminine, 
 I'm singin' this without, 
 The benefit sense of cinnamon, 
 So submit it in your mental 
 Since you find it essential to sub the sentence 
 In sentence 
 This sentence is simple 
 You banned from using writing utinsels 
 Wether cry line, crayon pen or pencil 
 Observe verse with syntax 
 That causes skin cracks on impact 
 Send a rap shot before I spark back 
 And then send them whack men 
 Way back to the lab to add what most of them lack 
 I can hand you a manual of what I plan to do to you more tangible, 
 You still wouldn't understand the full concept 
 It slips through your fingers like sandgranuals 
 Skam will land, and we'll hand 
 And a blue sea anually 
 And you will see which animal me, 
 And fifty of us spittin' up that written stuff 
 It's all the same and 
 Is the reason for cyphas prematurely spittin' up 
 Ironic, phonic flow fo 
 Sho my flow is far from enbionic 
 To be honest when I'm on the chronic antibiotic 
 I'm beyond it! 
 The texure of my lecture is complex like a professor's 
 Scepticals think I'm exceptional when I bless sound recepticals, 
 What runs through my vest 
 To be turns crews to vegetables 
 Then grab my testicals and cup em 
 Fuck em, let's see whose fucked!
 The Wild... Gotham 
 The Wild... West {*BANG BANG, BANG*} 
 Ha ha, riiiiide... 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun 
 I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one 
 Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now 
 I'ma show you how real cowboys get down 
 I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold 
 I got a {blunt} rolled 
 Feelin' bold, gangsters blood runs cold 
 It's time to reload this old .45 colt 
 The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty 
 Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty 
 It's passed noon, he should be here soon 
 Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon 
 All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs 
 Sounds like a thousand wolves 
 I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze 
 I pose like a poster, he's closer than close 
 I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty 
 But I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early 
 And just when I went to fill him with hot lead 
 I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said 
 (Eminem) 
 You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again 
 But I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge? 
 Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you 
 I'm tellin' the truth, I got a price on my head too, 'cause when you... 
 Chorus: {unknown singer} 
 You ride like a cowboy toward the sun 
 And life ain't fun, when you're on the run 
 Got your gold and you got your gun 
 But life as an outlaw just begun 
 Got your shotgun by your side 
 Got your horse and you got your pride 
 You ride till there ain't no place to hide 
 It's sad cause the bad guys always die 
 (Dr. Dre) + (Eminem) 
 He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face 
 He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight 
 Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain 
 My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said 
 (You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*} 
 I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs 
 We both drew at the same time and stood stunned 
 (Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want) 
 I figured he was tellin' the truth, that's why I didn't shoot 
 So what we gon' do, it's on you 
 (Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?) 
 The Chronic! 
 (Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two) 
 (And plus I know who's got it) 
 Who? 
 (Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two) 
 Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle 
 Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle 
 We rolled two miles until we hit the spot 
 An old ghost town that everybody forgot 
 A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot 
 Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot) 
 (Eminem) 
 This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless 
 He's goin' around sayin' he took the game from us 
 (Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin') 
 But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach 
 He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs 
 Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads 
 Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs 
 And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers 
 Kicked the swingin' doors in, started gun slinging 
 I could hear somebody singin' - it sounded like a "G Thang," 
 And a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin" 
 I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray 
 Against 1800, he pulls a AK 
 Hollow tips started flyin every which way 
 (Eminem) 
 That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge 
 I fired the first shot, spun his body around 
 He hit the ground and landed upside down 
 Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold 
 I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled 
 Always die... 
 The Wild... Gotham 
 The Wild... West {*BANG BANG, BANG*} 
 Ha ha, riiiiide...
 Still on? 
 Yo, is the mic on? 
 Check, check, check 
 Alright, let's do it 
 Let's go, come on 
 (Eminem, Eminem, Eminem)
 America 
 (Background: The white zone is for 
 loading and unloading of passengers only. No parking.) 
 We love you 
 How many people are proud to be citizens 
 Of this beautiful country of ours? 
 The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect 
 The women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech 
 the United States Government has sworn to uphold 
 Or so we are told 
 (Yo, I want everyone to listen to the words of this song) 
 I never would have dreamed in a million years I'd see 
 So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me 
 Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs 
 It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me 
 So many lives I've touched, so much anger aimed 
 at no particular direction just sprays and sprays 
 Straight through your radio waves it plays and plays 
 Till it stays stuck in your head for days and days 
 Who woulda thought standin' in this mirror bleachin' my hair 
 With some Peroxide reachin' for a T shirt to wear 
 That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? 
 How could I predict my words would have an impact like this 
 I must've struck a chord with somebody up in the office 
 'Cause Congress keeps tellin' me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems 
 And now they sayin' I'm in trouble wit the government, I'm lovin' it 
 I shoveled shit all my life and now I'm dumping it on 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 
 Look at these eyes baby blue baby just like yourself 
 If they were brown Shady lose Shady sits on the shelf 
 But Shady's cute Shady knew Shady's dimples would help 
 Make ladies swoon baby (Ooh baby) Look at myself 
 Lets do the math, if I was black I woulda sold half 
 I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that 
 But I can rap so fuck school I'm too cool to go back 
 Gimme the mic show me where the fuckin' studio's at 
 When I was underground no one gave a fuck I was white 
 No labels wanted to sign me almost gave up, I was like 
 Fuck it until I met Dre the only one who looked past 
 Gave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass 
 Helped him get back to the top every fan black that I got 
 Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got 
 Like damn we just swapped sittin back lookin' at shit, wow 
 I'm like My skin, is it startin' to work to my benefit now? 
 It's white America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 
 See the problem is I speak to suburban kids 
 Who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist 
 Whose moms probably woulda never gave two squirts of piss 
 Till I created so much mutherfuckin' turbulence 
 Straight out the tube right into your livin' rooms I came 
 And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre 
 That's all it took and they were instantly hooked right in 
 And they connected with me too because I looked like them 
 That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope 
 Searchin' with a fine tooth comb its like this rope 
 Waitin' to choke tightenin' around my throat 
 Watchin' me while I write this like I don't like yes no 
 All I hear is: Lyrics lyrics constant controversy sponsors workin' 
 'Round the clock to try to stop my concerts early surely 
 Hip hop was never a problem in Harlem only in Boston 
 After it bothered the fathers of daughters startin' to blossom 
 So now I'm catchin' the flack from these activists when they raggin' 
 Actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch and say "faggot" 
 Shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal, the poster child 
 The mutherfuckin' spokesman now 
 For white America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 
 So to the parents of America 
 I am the derringer aimed at little Erica 
 To attack her character 
 The ring leader of the circus of worthless pawns 
 Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress 
 And piss on the lawns of the White House 
 To burn the casket and replace it with a parental advisory sticker 
 To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy 
 Fuck you Ms. Cheney! 
 Fuck you Tipper Gore! 
 Fuck you with the freedom of speech this divided state 
 Of embarrassment will allow me to have 
 Fuck You 
 Ha Ha Ha 
 I'm just playin' America, you know I love you
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Marshall, sounds like an S.O.S. 
 (Eminem) 
 Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andr, you're fucking right! 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 To the rap mobile, let's go! 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 Bitches and gentlemen 
 It's showtime 
 Hurry, hurry step right up 
 Introducing the star of our show; his name is 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now 
 So without futher ado, I bring to you 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 Your 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest 
 Most rawest form, flow almost flawless 
 Most hardest, most honest known artist 
 Chip off the old block, but old doc is back 
 Looks like Batman brought his own Robin 
 Oh god, Sadam's got his own Laden 
 With his own private plane, his own pilot 
 Set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges 
 Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes 
 Vrrm, vrrm, yeah, here I come, I'm inches 
 Away from you, dear fear none 
 Hip-hop is in a state of 9-11, so 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around. What is this? 
 Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down 
 On these clowns. Can I get a witness? 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 (Hell yeah!) 
 (Eminem) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around. What is this? 
 Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down 
 On these clowns. Can I get a witness? 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 (Hell yeah!) 
 (Eminem) 
 Quick; gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles 
 Gee wilikers, 
 Dre 
 , holy bat syllables 
 Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham 
 When I'm gone. Time to get rid of these rap criminals 
 So skip to your lou, while I do what I do best 
 You ain't even impressed no more; you used to it 
 Flows too wet, nobody close to it 
 Nobody says it, but still everyone knows the shit 
 The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on 
 In eighty songs and exagerate it all so much 
 They make it all up; there's no such thing 
 Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans 
 It just means so much more to so much more 
 People when you're rappin', and you know what for 
 The show must go on, so I'd like to welcome ya'll 
 To Marshall and Andr's carnival. C'mon now! 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around. What is this? 
 Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down 
 On these clowns. Can I get a witness? 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 (Hell yeah!) 
 (Eminem) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around. What is this? 
 Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down 
 On these clowns. Can I get a witness? 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 (Hell yeah!) 
 (Eminem) 
 It's just like old times: the dynamic duo 
 Two old friends; why panic? You already know 
 Who's is fully capable, the two capped heroes 
 Dial straight down the center 8-0-0 
 You can even call collect, the most feared duet 
 Since me and 
 Elton 
 played career Russian Roulette 
 And never even seen me blink or get to busting a sweat 
 People stepping over people just to rush to the set 
 Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely 
 Ease over these beats and be so breezy 
 Jesus, how can shit be so easy? 
 How can one Chandra be so Levy? 
 Turn on these beats MC's dont see me 
 Believe me, BET and MTV 
 Are gonna grieve when we leave, dawg fo' sheezy 
 Can't leave rap alone; the game needs me 
 Till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear 
 Into the mountains; nothing but clowns down here 
 But we ain't fucking around 'round here 
 Yo, Dre! ( 
 What up? 
 ) Can I get a "hell yeah"? ( 
 Hell yeah! 
 ) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around. What is this? 
 Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down 
 On these clowns. Can I get a witness? 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 (Hell yeah!) 
 (Eminem) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around. What is this? 
 Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down 
 On these clowns. Can I get a witness? 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 (Hell yeah!) 
 (Eminem) 
 So there you have it folks 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 Has come to save the day 
 Back with his friend Andr 
 And to remind you that bullshit does not pay 
 Because 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 And Andr are here to stay and never go away 
 Until our dying day, until we're old and gray 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 So until next time friends 
 Same blonde hair, same rap channel 
 Good night everyone; thank you for coming 
 Your host for the evening 
 (Lady) 
 Marshall! 
 (Eminem) 
 Oh, hah
 Where's my snare? 
 I have no snare in my headphones 
 There you go 
 Yeah 
 Yo, yo 
 Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
 I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against 
 Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times 
 Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind 
 All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin' 
 Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin' 
 Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin' 
 Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin' 
 Leavin' with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth 
 See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out 
 Look at me now, I bet ya probably sick of me now 
 Ain't you, mama? Imma make you look so ridiculous now 
 I'm sorry mama 
 I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time 
 I said, I'm sorry mama 
 I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet, ha 
 I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it 
 So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it, imma expose it 
 I'll take you back to '73 
 Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD 
 I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months 
 My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch 
 'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye 
 No I don't owe him a second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die 
 I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side 
 Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try 
 To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes 
 But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today 
 What I did was stupid, no doubt, it was dumb 
 But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun 
 'Cause I'd have killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both 
 It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to 
 The Eminem Show 
 I'm sorry mama 
 I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time 
 I said, I'm sorry mama 
 I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet 
 Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition 
 Take a second to listen, 'fore you think this record is dissin' 
 But put yourself in my position, just try to envision 
 Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen 
 Bitchin', that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin' 
 Goin' through public housin' systems, victim of Mnchhausen's Syndrome 
 My whole life I was made to believe I was sick, when I wasn't 
 Till I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it? 
 Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma? 
 So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma? 
 But guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely 
 And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony 
 And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful 
 But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral 
 See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong 
 Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself, that you was a mom 
 But how dare you try to take when you didn't help me to get 
 You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit 
 Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? 
 Well guess what: I am dead - dead to you as can be! 
 I'm sorry mama 
 I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time 
 I said, I'm sorry mama 
 I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
 People 
 It feels so good to be back 
 Ladies and gentleman 
 Introducing the new and 
 Improved you know who 
 Never been the type to bend or budge 
 The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush 
 I'm the centerpiece, you're a maltese, I'm a pitbull off his leash 
 All this peace-talk can cease 
 All these people i had to leave in limbo 
 I'm back now I've come to release this info 
 I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple 
 Cannabitch, don't want no beef with slim, no 
 Not even on my radar 
 So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off 
 And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos 
 From seance to seance 
 So come on now, let's all get on now 
 Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time 
 Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout 
 Let your hair down, square dance with me 
 So come on now, let's all get on now 
 Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time 
 Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout 
 Let your hair down, square dance with me 
 Let your hair down to the track, Yeh, kick on back 
 (boo) 
 The boogie-monster of rap, yeh, the man's back 
 With a plan to ambush this Bush administration 
 Mush the senates face in and push this generation 
 Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say somethin' 
 You might not like This white hot light 
 that im under no wonder I look so sunburnt 
 Oh no, I won't leave no stone unturned 
 Oh no, I won't leave won't go nowhere 
 Doh-si-doh oh! yo! ho! hello there 
 Oh yeh! don't think I won't go there 
 Go to Beirut and do a show there 
 Yeh you laugh till your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted 
 When you're at band camp thinkin' the crap cant happen 
 Till you fuck around, get an anthrax napkin 
 Inside a package wrapped in saran wrap wrappin' 
 Open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin' 
 Fuckin' assassins hijackin' amtracks crashin' 
 All this terror, America demands action 
 Next thing you know, you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin' 
 To join the army, or what you'll do for their navy 
 You just a baby gettin' recruited at 18 
 You're on a plane now eatin' their food and their baked beans 
 I'm 28, they gon' take you 'fore they take me 
 Crazy insane or insane crazy? 
 When I say Hussein, you say Shady! 
 My views ain't changed still inhumane, wait 
 Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me 
 So come on now, let's all get on now 
 Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time 
 Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout 
 Let your hair down, square dance with me 
 So come on now, let's all get on now 
 Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time 
 Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout 
 Let your hair down, square dance with me 
 Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me 
 Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me 
 Nothin' boosts me more or suits me beautifully 
 There's nothin' you can do to me, stab me, shoot me 
 Physcotic hypnotic product I got the antibotic 
 Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada 
 God I talk alot of cum-de-lay-la-la-la 
 Oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta 
 Keep movin' there's more music to make 
 Keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break 
 The monotony, what's gotten into me? 
 Drugs, rock and hennesey, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies 
 On your knees, got you under siege 
 Somebody you would give a lung to be 
 Hun-ga-ry like a fucking younger me 
 Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free 
 Yeah buddy, laugh it's funny I have the money 
 To have you killed by somebody who has nothing 
 I pass bluffing, pass the K-Y 
 Let's get ready for some intense serious ass fucking 
 So come on now, let's all get on now 
 Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time 
 Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout 
 Let your hair down, square dance with me 
 So come on now, let's all get on now 
 Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time 
 Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout 
 Let your hair down, square dance with me 
 Dr. Dre wants to square dance with me 
 Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me 
 X to the Z wants to square dance with me 
 Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me 
 Cana-bitch won't square dance with me 
 Fan-a-bitch won't square dance with me 
 Canada-Bis dont want no parts o' me 
 Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you 
 Yeeeeha!
 (Eminem) 
 I'm gonna kill this bitch. 
 I'm gonna kill her. 
 I'm going to fucking jail, 
 'Cause I'm gonna kill this bitch 
 (Gary) 
 Yo, man 
 (Eminem) 
 What? 
 (Gary) 
 I don't know. 
 I gotta really really bad feeling about this 
 (Eminem) 
 Man would you shut the fuck up Gary? 
 You always gotta bad feeling, man 
 That's her car right there 
 (Gary) 
 Aight, let me park 
 (Eminem) 
 Just park 
 (Gary) 
 I'm parkin' 
 (Eminem) 
 Turn the car off, dawg 
 (Gary) 
 Aight 
 (Eminem) 
 Aight, we wait. 
 (Gary) 
 We wait for what? 
 (Eminem) 
 We wait till she comes out and then I'm gonna fucking kill her 
 (Gary) 
 Man you ain't gonna kill no one 
 (Eminem) 
 Man, shut the fuck up dog 
 (Gary) 
 What the fuck did you bring that for? 
 (Eminem) 
 Just shut up! The fuckin clip is empty 
 (Gary) 
 Man, don't point that shit at me 
 (Eminem) 
 It's not even loaded, bitch! Look 
 (Gary) 
 Dude! 
 (Eminem laughs) 
 (Gary) 
 God, I fuckin hate it when you do that shit 
 (Eminem) 
 Yeah, but its funny as fuck 
 (Gary) 
 Quit fucking 'round, or I'm gonna kill you one of these days, I swear 
 (Eminem) 
 Gets you every time. 
 Is that her? 
 (Gary) 
 Where? 
 (Eminem) 
 Right there, motherfucker! 
 (Gary) 
 Oohh yeah 
 (Eminem) 
 Aight get down get down 
 (Gary) 
 That's her, that's her 
 (Eminem) 
 Get down! 
 (Gary) 
 What the fuck? 
 You want me to get under the car? 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo, who she walkin' with? 
 (Gary) 
 How the fuck am I supposed to know? 
 You told me to duck down 
 (Eminem) 
 It's the fuckin' bouncer--- 
 Did she just kiss him? 
 (Gary) 
 I don't think so 
 (Eminem) 
 Dogg, she just fuckin' kissed him 
 (Gary) 
 No she didn't 
 (Eminem) 
 She's kissin' him, dawg 
 (Gary) 
 No, she's not 
 (Eminem) 
 (Gets out car) 
 (Gary) 
 Oh, shit! 
 (Eminem) 
 Come on-- MOTHERFUCKER!!! 
 (Gary) 
 MARSH! 
 (Screaming & Running)
 I'm a soldier 
 I'm a soldier 
 Da da da da da 
 I'm a soldier 
 I'm a soldier, yo 
 Never was a thug, just infatuated with guns 
 Never was a gangster, till I graduated to one 
 And got the rep of a villain for weapon concealin' 
 Took the image of a thug kept shit appealing 
 Willin' to stick out my neck for respect if it meant life or death 
 Never lived to regret what I said 
 When you're me, people just wanna see if its true 
 If it's you, what you say in your raps is what you do 
 So they feel, it's part of ya obligation to fulfill 
 When they see you on the streets face to face are you for real? 
 The confrontation ain't no conversation if you feel 
 You're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed 
 If you feel it, kill it, if you can conceal it, reveal it 
 Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets, pull it, squeeze it 
 Till its empty, tempt me, push me, pussies 
 I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze 
 I'm a soldier 
 These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 I'm a soldier 
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 I'm a soldier 
 These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 I'm a soldier 
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 I love pissing you off, it get's me off 
 Like my lawyers, when the fucking judge lets me off 
 All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off 
 I'm violating, all the motherfucking bets be off 
 I'm a lit fuse, anything I do bitch is news 
 Pistol whipping mother fucker bouncer 6'2" 
 Who needs bullets? As soon as I pull it you sweat bullets 
 An excellent method to get rid of the next bully 
 It's actually better, 'cause instead of you murdering 
 You can hurt 'em then come back again and kick dirt in them 
 It's like pouring salt in your wounds, assault and get sued 
 You can smell the lawsuits as soon as I waltz in the room 
 Everybody's hearts just stop, they call the cops 
 All you see is bitches coming out their halter tops 
 Running and ducking at the Hot Rock's parking lot 
 You'll all get shot, whether it's your fault or not 
 'Cause I'm a soldier 
 These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 I'm a soldier 
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 I'm a soldier 
 These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 I'm a soldier 
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talking to 'em 
 Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em 
 I'm like a thug, with a little bit of 'Pac influence 
 I spew it and look how I got you bitches rocking to it 
 You motherfuckers could never do it like I can do it 
 Don't even try, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it 
 Don't ever in your life try to knock the truest 
 I spill the illest shit ever could drive me to it 
 So ticky-tock, listen as the sound ticks on the clock 
 Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on the cock 
 Listen to the sound of me spilling my heart through this pen 
 Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again 
 Full of controversy until I retire my jersey 
 'Til the fire inside dies and expires at 30 
 And Lord have mercy on anymore of these rappers that verse me 
 And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity 
 I'm a soldier 
 These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 I'm a soldier 
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 I'm a soldier 
 These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 I'm a soldier 
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Hollywood, why do I feel this way? 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 I thought I had it all figured out, I did 
 I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim 
 But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once 
 I found myself laying on my knees in cuffs 
 Which should've been a reason enough for me to get my stuff and just leave 
 How come I couldn't see this shit myself? It's just me 
 Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt 
 Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell 
 To catch me, the minute she was heated she just bailed 
 I'm standin' and swingin' on like 30 people by myself 
 I couldnt even see the millimeter when it fell 
 Turned around saw Gary stashin' a heater in his belt 
 Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground 
 I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail 
 I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female 
 I need to slow down, try to get my feet on solid ground 
 So for now I'm... 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Hollywood, why do I feel this way? 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Bury my face in comic books 'cause I dont wanna look 
 At nothing, this world's too much, I swallowed all I could 
 If I could swallow a bottle of Tylenol, I would 
 And end it for good, just say goodbye to Hollywood 
 I pro'lly should, these problems are pilin' at once 
 'Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up 
 I think I'm bottoming out, but I'm not about to give up 
 I gotta get up, thank god I got a little girl 
 Now I'm a responsible father and not alotta good 
 I'd be to my daughter layin in the bottom of the mud 
 Must be in my blood, 'cause I dunno how I do it 
 All I know is I dont want to follow in the footsteps 
 of my dad 
 Cuz I hate him so bad 
 The worst fear that I had was growing up to be like his fuckin ass 
 Man, if you could understand why I am the way that I am 
 What do I say to my fans when I tell 'em 
 I'm sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Hollywood, why do I feel this way? 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 I dont wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it 
 For me to have this much I feel like this is sick 
 This is not a game this fame in real life this is sick 
 Publicity stunt my ass, consume my fuckin' dick 
 Fuck the guns, I'm done, I'll never look at gats 
 If I scrap, I'll scrap like I ain't never wooped some ass 
 I love my fans but no one ever puts a grasp 
 On the fact I've sacrificed everything I have 
 I never dreamt I'd get to the level that I'm at 
 This is wack, this is more then I ever coulda asked 
 Everywhere I go I had a sweater, hood, or mask 
 What about math? How come I wasn't ever good at that? 
 It's like the boy in a bubble who never could adapt 
 I'm trapped, if I could go back, I never would've rapped 
 I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back 
 I just wanna leave this game with level head intact 
 Imagine going from bein' a no one to seein' everything blow up 
 And all you did was grow up MCin' 
 It's fuckin crazy, 'cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had 
 Instead I forced us to live alienated 
 So I'm sayin' 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Hollywood, why do I feel this way? 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood 
 Goodbye 
 Goodbye Hollywood (Goodybe) 
 Please don't cry for me (See ya later) 
 When im gone for good (This shit is not for me) 
 So, goodbye 
 Goodbye Hollywood (I'm not a fucking star) 
 Please don't cry for me (No way) 
 When I'm gone for good (I'm goin' back home)
 Eminem 
 Obie, yo? 
 Obie Trice 
 I'm sick 
 Eminem 
 Damn, you straight dog? 
 Obie Trice 
 Bitches 
 Getting sick 
 Eminem 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 For these games and stupid tricks 
 Or these bitches on my dick 
 That's how dudes be getting sick 
 That's how dicks be getting drips 
 Falling victim's to this shit 
 From these bitches on our dicks 
 Fucking chickens with no ribs 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 Obie Trice 
 Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk 
 I had a bag of the skunk, one and last night's tunk 
 Pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners 
 Fucked me good, you should've seen us 
 Big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french role styling 
 Body like a stallion 
 Sizing up the figure while my shit getting bigger 
 Debating on to fuck her, do I wanna be a nigga? 
 Caressing this bitch, plus I'm checking out them tits 
 Sipping on that fine shit, I ain't use to buying 
 I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory 
 Like taking ho's money, but that's another story 
 For surely your pussy on toast, after we toast 
 Her clothes fell like Bishop and Juice 
 The womb beater, clean pussy eater, inserting my john 
 In that spot hotter than the hottest block, don't stop 
 Response I got when I was knocking it 
 Clocks steading ticking, kinky finger licking 
 The cannon, semen's at my tip when she moans 
 I gotta slow down before I cum soon 
 And work that nigga like a slave owner 
 When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bone her 
 She foaming at the lips, the ones between her hips 
 Pubic hair's looking like some sour cream dip 
 Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though 
 Pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks 
 Me in the final stretch, the last part of sex 
 I bust a fat ass nut, then I woke up next 
 Like, what the fuck is going on here? This bitch evaporated 
 Pussy and all just picked up and vacated 
 And now I'm frustrated 'cause my dick was unprotected 
 And doctor Wesley telling me I ain't really got that shit 
 Fuck 
 Eminem 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 For these games and stupid tricks 
 Or these bitches on my dick 
 That's how dudes be getting sick 
 That's how dicks be getting drips 
 Falling victim's to this shit 
 From these bitches on our dicks 
 Fucking chickens with no ribs 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 Now I don't wanna hit no women but this chick's got it coming 
 Someone better get this bitch before she gets kicked in the stomach 
 And she's pregnant, but she's egging me on, begging me to throw her 
 Off the steps on this porch, my only weapon is force 
 And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort 
 But what's she shoving me for? Doesn't she love me no more? 
 Wasn't she hugging me four minutes ago at the door? 
 Man I'm this close to going toe to toe with this whore 
 What would you do if she was telling you she wants a divorce 
 She's having another baby in a month and it's yours 
 And you find it isn't 'cause this bitch has been visiting 
 Someone else and sucking his dick and kissing you on the lips 
 When you get back to Michigan, now the plot has thickened in worse 
 'Cause you feel like you've been sticking your fucking dick in a hurse 
 So your paranoid at every little cold that you get 
 Ever since they sold you this shit, you've been holding your dick 
 So you go to the clinic, sweating every minute you're in it 
 Then the doctor comes out looking like Dennis the Menace *laughs* 
 And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby, it's AIDS 
 He ain't even gotta to call in you the office to say it 
 So you jet back home, 'cause you gon' get that ho 
 And when you see her, you're gon' bend her fucking neck back yo 
 'Cause you love her, you never would've expect that blow 
 Obie told you to scoop, how could she stoop that low? 
 Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleaners 
 Bringing me home diseases swinging from Obie's penis 
 She's so deceiving, shit this ho's a genius she g'd us 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 For these games and stupid tricks 
 Or these bitches on my dick 
 That's how dudes be getting sick 
 That's how dicks be getting drips 
 Falling victim's to this shit 
 From these bitches on our dicks 
 Fucking chickens with no ribs 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 I'm busy! 
 Obie Trice 
 Yeah, fuck these bitches 
 Eminem 
 Fuck 'em all 
 Obie Trice 
 Get money 
 Eminem 
 Ha! 
 Obie Trice 
 Shady Records 
 Eminem 
 Woow! 
 Obie Trice 
 Eminem, mothafucka! 
 New millennium shit 
 Yeah 
 Turn this shit off 
 Turn this shit the fuck off
 Obie Trice: 
 Obie Trice - real name, no gimmicks. 
 Eminem: 
 Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside 
 'Round the outside, 'round the outside 
 Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside 
 'Round the outside, 'round the outside 
 Guess who's back, back, back? 
 Back again, gain, gain 
 Shady's back, back, back 
 Tell a friend 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back? 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back? 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back? 
 Guess who's back, la, la, la 
 I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to 
 See Marshall no more they want Shady, I'm chopped liver 
 Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya 
 A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor 
 Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker 
 Then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital 
 By the doctor when I'm not cooperating 
 When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey) 
 You waited this long to stop debating 
 'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating 
 I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney 
 But your husband's heart problem's complicating 
 So the FCC won't let me be 
 Or let me be me so let me see 
 They tried to shut me down on MTV 
 But it feels so empty without me 
 So, come on dip, bum on your lips 
 Fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits 
 And get ready, 'cause this shit's about to get heavy 
 I just settled all my lawsuits, "Fuck you Debbie" 
 Now this looks a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious 
 Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis 
 They start feeling like prisoners, helpless 
 Till someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch" 
 A visionary, vision is scary 
 Could start a revolution, pollutin' the air waves 
 A rebel, so just let me revel and bask 
 In the fact that I got everyone kissin' my ass 
 And it's a disaster such a catastrophe 
 For you to see so damn much of my ass, you ask for me? 
 Well I'm back - na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na 
 Fix your bent antenna, tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in it 
 Up under your skin like a splinter 
 The center of attention, back for the winter 
 I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling 
 Infesting in your kids ears and nesting 
 "Testing, attention please" 
 Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me 
 Here's my 10 cents, my 2 cents is free 
 A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me? 
 Now this looks a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat wit' 
 Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit 
 Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked 
 Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards 
 And Moby, you can get stomped by Obie 
 You 36-year-old bald-headed fag, blow me 
 You don't know me, you're too old, let go 
 It's over, nobody listens to techno 
 Now let's go, just give me the signal 
 I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults 
 I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil 
 Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol 
 But sometimes the shit just seems 
 Everybody only wants to discuss me 
 So this must mean I'm disgusting 
 But it's just me I'm just obscene (hey) 
 Though I'm not the first king of controversy 
 I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley 
 To do black music so selfishly 
 And use it to get myself wealthy (hey) 
 There's a concept that works 
 20 million other white rappers emerge 
 But no matter how many fish in the sea 
 It'll be so empty without me 
 Now this looks a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 Kids
 These ideas are nightmares to white parents 
 Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings 
 Like whatever they say has no bearing 
 It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing 
 To see him walking around with his headphones blaring 
 Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care 
 He's a problem child and what bothers him all comes out 
 When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out 
 'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out 
 But if he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out 
 His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back 
 Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap 
 He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap 
 His stepfather hit him so he socked him back 
 And broke his nose, his house is a broken home 
 There's no control, he just lets his emotions go 
 (Chorus from 
 Aerosmith 
 's 
 Dream On 
 ) 
 (Come on!) 
 Sing with me, 
 (Sing!) 
 for the year 
 (Sing it!) 
 For the laughter, sing for the tear 
 (Come on!) 
 Sing it with me, if it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away 
 Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangstas 
 In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum 
 Holy or unholy, only have one homie 
 Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me 
 Yet everybody just feels like they can relate 
 I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great 
 Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate 
 It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make 
 Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum 
 Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen 
 From standin' on corners and porches just rappin' 
 To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass 
 But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you 
 Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you 
 To get they hands on every dime you have 
 They want you to lose your mind every time you mad 
 So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon 
 Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns 
 That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me 
 Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly 
 But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously 
 So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me 
 They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me 
 If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense B 
 It's all political, if my music is literal 
 And I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl 
 I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to 
 You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you 
 (Come on!) 
 Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing that shit!) 
 For the laughter, sing for the tears (Sing with me!) 
 Sing it with me, if it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away 
 They say music can alter moods and talk to you 
 Well can it load a gun up for you and cock it too 
 Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude 
 Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued 
 See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols 
 And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool 
 Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers 
 Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus 
 But music is reflection of self, we just explain it 
 And then we get our checks in the mail, it's fucked up ain't it 
 How we can come from practically nothing 
 To being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted 
 That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing 
 Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine 
 Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long 
 Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs 
 Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives 
 Till they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die 
 Till they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe 
 We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes 
 That's why we, seize the moment try to freeze it and own it 
 Squeeze it and hold it, 'cause we consider these minutes golden 
 And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone just let our spirits live on 
 Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can 
 Sing with me, 
 (Sing!) 
 for the year 
 (Sing it!) 
 For the laughter, sing for the tears 
 (Come on!) 
 Sing it with me, if it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away 
 Sing with me, 
 (Sing!) 
 for the year 
 (Sing it!) 
 For the laughter, sing for the tears 
 (Come on!) 
 Sing it with me, if it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
 Spoken 
 (Mmmhh) 
 You high baby? ( 
 Yeah 
 ) 
 Yeah? ( 
 Ha ha ha. Talk to me. 
 ) 
 You want me to tell you somethin'? ( 
 Uh huh 
 ) 
 I know what you wanna hear 
 'Cause I know you want me baby 
 I think I want you, too 
 ( 
 I think I love you baby 
 ) 
 I think I love you, too 
 I'm here to save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world 
 I wanna grow together 
 Let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby 
 You know I want you, too 
 They call me Superman 
 I'm here to rescue you 
 I wanna save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world 
 ( 
 Oh boy, you drive me crazy 
 ) 
 Bitch, you make me hurl 
 They call me Superman 
 Leap tall hoes in a single bound 
 I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now 
 I'll never let another chick bring me down 
 In a relationship, save it bitch 
 Babysit, you make me sick 
 Superman ain't savin' shit 
 Girl you can jump on Shady's dick 
 Straight from the hip, cut to the chase 
 I'll tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face 
 Play no games, say no names 
 Ever since I broke up with what's her face 
 I'm a different man, kiss my ass 
 Kiss my lips, bitch why ask 
 Kiss my dick, get my cash 
 I'd rather have you whip my ass 
 Don't put out, I'll put you out 
 Won't get out, I'll push you out 
 Puss blew out, copin' shit 
 Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out 
 Am I too nice to buy you ice? 
 Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life 
 What you tryin' to be my new wife? 
 What you 
 Mariah 
 , fly through twice? 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches they come, they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 Till then just sit your drunk ass 
 On that fuckin' runway hoe 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman 
 Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes 
 It's no secret, everybody knows 
 Yeah we fucked, bitch so what 
 That's about as far as your buddy goes 
 We'll be friends, I'll call you again 
 I'll chase you around every bar you attend 
 Never know what kind of car I'll be in 
 We'll see how much you'll be partying then 
 You don't want that, neither do I 
 I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys 
 Too much pride, between you and I 
 Not a jealous man, but females lie 
 But I guess that's just what sluts do 
 How could it ever be just us two 
 I never loved you enough to trust you 
 We just met and I just fucked you 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 Till then just sit your drunk ass 
 On that fuckin' runway hoe 
 I know you want me baby 
 I think I want you, too 
 ( 
 I think I love you, baby 
 ) 
 I think I love you, too 
 I'm here to save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world 
 I wanna grow together 
 Let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby 
 You know I want you, too 
 They call me Superman 
 I'm here to rescue you 
 I wanna save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world 
 ( 
 Ooh boy, you drive me crazy 
 ) 
 Bitch, you make me hurl 
 First thing you say 
 ( 
 I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day 
 I don't see what the big deal is anyway 
 You're just plain old Marshall to me 
 ) 
 Ooh yeah girl run that game 
 ( 
 Haily Jade, I love that name 
 Love that tattoo, what's that say? 
 "Rot in Pieces", uhh that's great 
 ) 
 First off you don't know Marshall 
 At all so don't grow partial 
 That's ammo for my arsenal 
 I'll slap you off that bar stool 
 There goes another lawsuit 
 Leave hand prints all across you 
 Good Lordy-wody you must be 
 Gone off that quarter bottle 
 You want what you can't have 
 Ooh girl that's too damn bad 
 Don't touch what you can't grab 
 End up with two back hands 
 Put Anthrax on a Tampax 
 And slap you till you can't stand 
 Girl you just blew your chance 
 Don't mean to ruin your plans 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 Till then just sit your drunk ass 
 On that fuckin' runway hoe 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman 
 I know you want me baby 
 I think I want you, too 
 ( 
 I think I love you baby 
 ) 
 I think I love you, too 
 I'm here to save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world 
 I wanna grow together 
 Let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby 
 You know I want you, too 
 They call me Superman 
 I'm here to rescue you 
 I wanna save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world 
 ( 
 Oh boy you drive me crazy 
 ) 
 Bitch, you make me hurl 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman
 Yo, I can't sing it. 
 I feel like singin'. 
 I wanna fuckin' sing. 
 'Cause I'm happy. 
 Yeah, I'm happy. (Haha) 
 I got my baby back. 
 Yo, check it out. 
 Some days I sit, starin' out the window 
 Watchin' this world pass me by 
 Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for 
 I almost break down and cry 
 Sometimes I think I'm crazy, I'm crazy oh so crazy 
 Why am I here, am I just wastin' my time? 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
 My baby girl, keeps gettin' older 
 I watch her grow up with pride 
 People make jokes, 'cause they don't understand me 
 They just don't see my real side 
 I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy 
 My insecurities could eat me alive 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
 Man if I could sing I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter 
 If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father 
 To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her 
 God I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't want her 
 Now you probably get this picture from my public persona 
 That I'm a pistol-packin' drug addict who bags on his mama 
 But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest 
 'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul 
 And just know that I grow colder the older I grow 
 This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold 
 And this load is like the weight of the world, and I think my neck is breakin' 
 Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? 
 Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself 
 But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell 
 But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt 
 So many chances, man it's too bad, coulda had someone else 
 But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted 
 So here's what I'm facin': 3 felonies, 6 years of probation 
 I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman 
 I've taken bats to peoples backs, bent over backwards for this woman 
 Man I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in? 
 Wouldn't've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin' 
 But fuck it it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more 
 I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie 
 So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya 
 My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner 
 And suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted 
 It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted 
 Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin'on me 
 'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier 
 Nothin' can take her from me 
 Woo! 
 I told you I can't sing. 
 Oh well, I tried. 
 Hailie, 'member when I said "If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?" 
 Well guess what? 
 Daddy's here. And I ain't goin' nowhere baby. 
 I love you.
 (Bizarre:) 
 Music... Reality... Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference. 
 But we as entertainers have a responsibility, to these kids... Psyche. 
 (Eminem:) 
 If I, were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow, 
 Would you feel sorrow, or show love, or would it matter? 
 Could never be the lead-off batter 
 If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin' 
 But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake, 
 There's too much on my plate, I done came way 
 Too far in this game, to turn and walk away, 
 And not say what I got to say 
 What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smokin' crack? 
 'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back 
 I'll get up 'fore I get down, run myself in the ground, 
 'Fore I put some wack shit out 
 I'm tryin' to smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark, 
 Y'all steady tryin' to drown a shark 
 Ain't gon' do nothin' but piss me off, lid to the can of whip ass, 
 Just twist me off see me leap out, pull a piece out 
 Fuck shootin', I'm just tryin' to knock his teeth out 
 Fuck with me now bitch, let's see you freestyle 
 Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap 
 Yo Slim, you gon' let him get away with that? 
 He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that 
 Man, I hate this crap 
 This ain't rap, this is crazy the way we act, 
 When we confuse hip hop with real life when the music stops 
 (Swifty:) 
 Ain't no getting' rid of McVeigh, if so you woulda tried, 
 The only way I'm leavin' this bitch is suicide 
 I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemies' 
 Crib with Hennessey, got drunk then I finish he 
 I'm every nigga's favorite arch enemy, 
 Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef 
 I spark willingly, with a dillinger in the dark, dilligently, 
 I'm not what you think 
 I appear to be fucked up, mentally endangered 
 I can't stay away from a razor 
 I just want my face in a paper 
 I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres 
 I'll murder you, I gauge to have me turn into 
 A mad man, son of sam, bitch, I'm surgical 
 I'm allergic to dyin', you think not 
 You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops 
 (Kon Artis:) 
 I was happy havin' a deal at first 
 Thought money would make me happy, but it only made my pain worse 
 It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you, dog 
 And you ain't got nothin' left but your word and your balls 
 And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends 
 Beggin' with their hands out, checkin' for your record when it's sellin' 
 When it ain't that's the end, no laughs, no friends 
 No girls, just the gin you drink, till your car spin 
 You think DAMN! When you slam into the wall, and you fall out the car 
 And try to crawl with one arm 
 I'm bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol 
 If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder would they even call when the music stops 
 (Von:) 
 Let's see how many of your men loyal 
 When I pull up lookin' for you with a pistol, sippin' a can of penzoil 
 I'm revved up, who said what, when lead bust 
 Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed 
 Tossed in the paddywagon, braggin' about how you shouted, 
 Like a coward, bullets devoured you, showered you niggas 
 If I was you niggas, I'd run while given a chance 
 Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man 
 Death itself, it can hurt me 
 Just the thought of dyin' alone that really irks me 
 You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk, be smart 
 And stop tryin' to walk how G's walk before we spark 
 Hug the floor while we playin' tug-of-war with your life, 
 Fuck a tour and a mike, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife 
 Deliver that shit that coroner's like, you hype, 
 Poppin' shit in broad daylight, nigga you're a goner at night, when the music stops 
 (Proof:) 
 Instigators turn pits in cages, 
 Let loose and bit the neighbors, wrist to razors 
 Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk, 
 In the dark my dogs all bark like woof! 
 Proof nigga I'ma wolf, get your whole roof 
 Caved in like reindeer hooves 
 Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose 
 The more y'all breath, shit, the more I moves 
 It's Hill Street, this is hardcore blues 
 Put a gun to rap checkin' all our dues 
 Nigga, or make the news, betcha all y'all move 
 When the uzi pop you better drop, when the music stop 
 (Bizarre:) 
 Music has changed my life in so many ways 
 Brains confused been fucked since the fifth grade 
 LL told me to rock the bells, 
 NWA said fuck the police, now I'm in jail 
 '93 was strictly R&B, 
 Fucked up haircut, listenin' to Jodeci 
 Michael Jackson who gonna tell me I ain't Mike? 
 Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight 
 Flyin' down Sunset smokin' crack 
 Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back 
 MOP had me grimy and gritty, 
 Marilyn Manson, I died my hair blue and grew some titties 
 Ludacris told me to throw them bows 
 Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose and a fractured elbow 
 Voices in my head, I'm goin' in shock 
 I'm reachin' for the glock, but the music stops...
 Dr. Dre 
 So I'm out the game huh? 
 Eminem 
 Yo Dre, we riding? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Whatever 
 Eminem 
 Well I'm with ya, homie 
 Dr. Dre 
 OK 
 Let's handle the small shit 
 Eminem 
 I was born to brew up storms, stir up shit 
 Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit 
 Grew up too quick, went through too much 
 Knew too much shit, corrupt 
 And I'ma pour it on like syrup, bitch 
 Thick n'rich, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth 
 Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth 
 'Til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to Earth 
 And if I fumble a verse, keep going 
 First take, I make mistakes, just keep it 
 No punches pulled, no punches, that's weak shit 
 Fake shit, if I ever take shit, I'll eat shit 
 Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit 
 Dr. Dre 
 Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane 
 Been here longer than anyone in the game 
 And I ain't got to lie about my age 
 Eminem 
 But what about Jermaine? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin' mine or Timbaland's name 
 And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what you're saying 
 I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move 'til I'm provoked 
 When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it 
 You midget, mini-me, with a bunch of little mini-yous 
 Running round your backyard swimming pools 
 Over eighty million records sold 
 And I ain't have to do it with ten- or eleven-year-olds 
 Eminem 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this 
 Amateurs drink veteran piss from a Dixie cup 
 If you ever mix me up 
 Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri 
 We'll rub it in, every club you're in 
 We'll have you blackballed and make sure you never rap a-fuckin-gain 
 Dre ain't having it, long as I'm here to play Devil's advocate 
 Dr. Dre 
 If there was some magic shit I could wave 
 Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone 
 And buried to make sure the tradition carries on 
 I would 
 Eminem 
 If I could only use this power for good 
 I wouldn't, not even if I could 
 Dr. Dre 
 From the 'hood and I'm a hornet 
 And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered 
 Eminem 
 And I'ma only sucker punch and swing without warning 
 And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off 
 'Cause I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off 
 Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk 
 Don't give a fuck; white-Pac, so much spunk 
 When I was little I knew I would blow up 
 And sell a mil' or grow up to be Atilla 
 Go nuts and be a killer 
 Dr. Dre 
 And I'm something of a phenom' 
 One puff of the chron' 
 I'm unstoppable, I'm alive and on top again 
 There's no obstacle that I can't conquer 
 So come along with us 
 Eminem 
 C'mon! 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Now anybody who knows Dre 
 Knows I'm about fast cars and Aliz, partying all day 
 But I handle my business 'cause it's work before play 
 Don't look for trouble but I'll serve you gourmet 
 However you want it, you can have it your way 
 You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day 
 Bullet with your name, sending it your way 
 That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway 
 'Cause this is my space; you invade it? 
 Live to regret it then you die trying to violate it 
 Fuck around, get annihilated, eyes dilated 
 Eminem 
 Like my old lady? 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Sometimes what you mean is two different things 
 Depending on your mood, if it swings 
 Think too many things, little hit of Dre's weed 
 I can do anything, catch a contact and I'm gone 
 And now I'm back 
 I speed write and my loose-leaf's my launch pad 
 Dr. Dre 
 And I can pull any string 
 Don't have to prove anything 
 Catch a contract on your head 
 You headed West, talk shit about Dre? 
 You better get a vest, and invest in something 
 To protect your head and neck 
 Eminem 
 And it's back and forth all day like 
 Red 
 and 
 Meth 
 I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth 
 But a lot of truth is said in jest 
 And if I ever do live to be a legend 
 I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in ""The Source""? 
 Ain't holding my fucking breath 
 But I suffocate for the respect 
 'Fore I breath to collect a fucking check 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 'Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 Dr. Dre 
 Watch your fuckin' mouth 
 Timbaland 
 Yo this 
 Timbaland 
 Tell him I said suck my dick
 'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, 
 Feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up. 
 But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength 
 And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up 
 And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse. 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 
 Till I collapse Im spilling these raps long as you feel 'em 
 Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them 
 'Cause when I am not then I'ma stop penning 'em 
 And I am not hip-hop and Im just not Eminem. 
 Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hauk venom 
 Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. 
 Amoxacilin is just not real enough. 
 The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners. 
 You're coming with me, feel it or not youre gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us. 
 You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up. 
 For sizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up you bizzles forgot slizzle does not give a fuck. 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth. 
 Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps. 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth. 
 Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps. 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 
 Music is like magic theres a certain feeling you get when you're real 
 And you spit and people are feeling your shit. 
 This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it 
 'cause you may never get it again. 
 So while youre in it try to get as much shit as you can 
 And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end. 
 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in. 
 I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in. 
 It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me. 
 But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when Im not put on this list the shit does not offend me. 
 That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me. 
 Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me. 
 You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me 
 The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me. 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth. 
 Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps. 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth. 
 Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps. 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 
 Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MCs heart 
 What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart. 
 And it's absurd how people hang on every word. 
 Ill probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve 
 But Ill never be served my spot is forever reserved 
 If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first. 
 'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse. 
 Thats why Im clever when I put together every verse 
 My thoughts are sporadic, I act like Im an addict 
 I rap like Im addicted to smack like Im Kim Mathers. 
 But I dont want to go forth and back in constant battles 
 The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers. 
 So this is like a full blown attack Im launching at them 
 The track is on some battling raps who want some static 
 'Cause I dont really think that the fact that Im Slim matters 
 A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth. 
 Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps. 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth. 
 Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps. 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 
 Until the roof (Until the roof) 
 The roof comes off (The roof comes off) 
 Until my legs (Until my legs) 
 Give out from underneath me (Give out form underneath me) 
 I, I will not fall, 
 I will stand tall, 
 Feels like no one can beat me.
 TV Presenter: 
 Hello boys and girls 
 Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships 
 Do you have a daddy? 
 I'll bet you do 
 *Door opens* 
 Who's your daddy? 
 Hailie: 
 Daddy, what're you doing? 
 Eminem: 
 Haha 
 Eminem & Hailie: 
 Ok then! everybody, listen up 
 Eminem: 
 I'm goin' to hell, who's comin' with me? 
 Hailie: 
 Somebody, please help him 
 *giggle* 
 I think my dad gone crazy 
 There's no mountain I can't climb, there's no tower too high 
 No plane that I can't learn how to fly 
 What do I gotta do to get through to you, to show you 
 There ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to 
 Fuckin' brains brawn, and brass balls 
 I cut 'em off, then got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar 
 Inside of a hall with my framed autograph 
 Sunglasses with Elton John's name on my drag wall 
 I'm out the closet, I been lying my ass off 
 All this time, me and Dre been fucking with hats off 
 Dr Dre: 
 Suck it Marshall 
 Eminem: 
 Tell laura and her husband to back off 
 Before I push this motherfucking button and blast off 
 And launch one of these russians and that's all 
 Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map off 
 We wanna stop, we wanna knock the crap off 
 *Knocking* Haley, tell 'em baby 
 Hailie: 
 My dad's lost it 
 There's really nothin' else to say ha, I can't explain it 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 A little help from Hailie jade won't ya tell em', maybe 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 There's nothing you could do or say that could ever change me 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 It's like my mother always told me 
 *Eminem Impersinates His Mom* Rnrnrnrnrnrrrr, n codeine 
 N goddamit, you little motherfucker 
 If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin' 
 Er.. Fuck that shit, bitch 
 Eat a motherfuckin' dick Chew on a prick, and lick 
 A million motherfuckin' cocks per second 
 I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record 
 I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy 
 And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring 
 In my nose then quit bringin' my flows 
 Quit giving me my ammo Can't you see why I'm so mean? 
 If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O 
 I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo 
 Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more 
 Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more? 
 Hailey: 
 Dad 
 There's really nothin' else to say ha, I can't explain it 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 A little help from Hailie jade won't ya tell em', maybe 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 There's nothing you could do or say that could ever change me 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie 
 (I think my dad gone crazy) 
 My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise 
 And at the same time, make you dry your eyes 
 With the same rhyme, so what you're seeing is a genius at work 
 Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinter 
 Pret it at first, cuz when I speak, it's tongue in cheek 
 I'd yank my fuckin' teeth 
 Before I'd ever bite my tongue I'd slice my gums 
 Get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once 
 And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son 
 And walk around the rest of my life spit on 
 And kicked and hit with shit, every time I sung 
 Like R. Kelly as soon as Bump 'n Grind comes on 
 More pain inside o' my brain 
 Than in the eyes of a little girl inside of a plane 
 Aimed at the world trade, standin' on Ronny's grave 
 Screaming at the sky, the clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade 
 And that's pretty much the gist of it 
 Parents are pissed, but the kids love it 
 Nine millimeter, heaters stashed in two-seaters with meat cleavers 
 I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither 
 There's really nothin' else to say ha, I can't explain it 
 "(I think my dad gone crazy)" 
 A little help from Hailie jade won't ya tell em', maybe 
 "(I think my dad gone crazy)" 
 There's nothing you could do or say that could ever change me 
 "(I think my dad gone crazy)" 
 There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie 
 "(I think my dad gone crazy)" 
 Crazy 
 You're funny daddy
 Uh nmm 
 This thing on? 
 Where'd everybody go? 
 Uhh 
 Guess whos back? 
 Back again 
 Ken is back 
 Tell some men 
 Rub my back 
 Rub my back 
 Rub my back 
 Rub my back, ooh 
 Wait 
 Hello? 
 Uh, goodbye
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
 Ay yo 50 
 Whut I tell you 
 We ain't even have to say shit 
 They did it 
 Ha ha 
 Monkey see monkey do 
 They'll never make the first move 
 Just let 'em come to you 
 'Cause they gon always say and do 
 What the other one do 
 So let 'em come to you 
 The rest'll just follow suit 
 Monkey see monkey do 
 Tweedle dee tweedle dum 
 If they really want it bad enough well then it gon' come 
 Now here they come like we expected 
 Now we just set 'em up 
 Check mate motherfucker 
 Game's over we won 
 Tweedle dee tweedle dum 
 Doesnt take much 
 For me to race up and stank up 
 When motherfuckers hate your guts 
 You don't even gotta say much 
 For me to put a pen to a blank sheet of paper 
 Like smearin bloodstains with a paint brush 
 I can't explain what it is my brain does 
 But however it works its insane just plain nuts 
 And it ain't just my brain that's dangerous 
 It's a whole combination of things 
 It takes nuts 
 And I'm not afraid to raise the stakes up 
 I got a million bucks in the bank and eight trucks 
 For anybody who gets on a track and spanks us 
 I'm paitently waitin for the day 
 I'm anxious 
 To see the look on your fake mugs when you thugs go bankrupt 
 You're drunk you ain't tough 
 Whatever you drank musta just turned you into some gangstas 
 This is me talkin' motherfucker this ain't drugs 
 You wanna pop shit 
 Wake up 
 Then make up 
 Fuck that 
 It's to late chump now face up 
 I pray for the day that someone who spits with the calibur that nas and jay does 
 Opens up his jaws to say somethin' to rattle my name off 
 Or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off 
 So I can blow the fuckin' dust off of this chainsaw 
 And give him the surgery that he came for 
 Till I peel the pain off 
 I never been shot but I think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth 
 'Cause I've always came off like Ja's chain 
 When they tried to rush him and lost 
 And came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it 
 I don't stop 
 Only thing that I wait for is the day that I don't gotta report to probate court 
 Cause ima give you all the reason to hate more 
 'Cause I've been holdin' my tongue till I got a sprained jaw 
 Alot of rappers on my list 
 It just ain't ja 
 And ima read the motherfucker off come April 
 You pussies think I went soft cause 8 mile 
 When I come back 
 I'll be shootin more than just paint balls 
 Trust me 
 Monkey see monkey do 
 They'll never make the first move 
 Just let 'em come to you 
 'Cause they gon always say and do 
 What the other one do 
 So let 'em come to you 
 The rest'll just follow suit 
 Monkey see monkey do 
 Tweedle dee tweedle dum 
 If they really want it bad enough well then it gon' come 
 Now here they come like we expected 
 Now we just set 'em up 
 Check mate motherfucker 
 Game's over we won 
 Tweedle dee tweedle dum 
 Fuckin' dummies 
 This ain't chess 
 You playin' motherfuckin checkers 
 This shit is all day man it's too easy 
 We playin' chess you playin' checkers 
 You bout to get your motherfuckin asses jumped 
 Fuckin' punks 
 And by the way 
 We ain't just talkin' to one person 
 We talkin' to every-motherfuckin-body who wants to bring it 
 'Cause we bringin' it to anybody who wants to bring it 
 So bring it 
 Don't pick up the ball if you don't wanna play man 
 It's all fucked up now 
 What the fuck am I s'posed to do now? 
 Huh? 
 What the fuck am I s'posed to do? 
 Haha 
 Yo we out
 (Softly Singing) 
 There's an intruder in my house 
 He cut my phoneline, can't dial out 
 I scream for police, but I doubt 
 They gonna hear me, when I shout (heh) 
 A couple of cocktails'll send me to jail 
 There's a couple of cops hot on my trail but this time 
 When I get pulled over, there's a Doberman Pincher 
 And a Pitbull in the seat, these pigs will get bit foolin' wit' me 
 Quit foolin' wit' me, bitch you're gonna see 
 No pistol in the seat, why it always gotta be an issue when you're me 
 And which you're gonna see in the long run, imma be the wrong one 
 You wanna harass with this limo tinted glass flashin' that flashlight 
 On my ass, where was you that last night when them assholes 
 Ran up on my grass, rapper slash actor, kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass 
 They took away my right to bare arms, what, I'm sposed to fight with bare palms? 
 Yeah right, they comin' with bombs, I'm comin' with flare guns 
 We as Americans 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen, gotta protect ourselves 
 Look at how shit has been, we better check ourselves 
 Livin' up in these streets through worse and through better health 
 Survivin by any means; We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We are samaritans, what did we get us in 
 We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live 
 This is America and we are Americans 
 I'ma make a few bucks, wear a cool vest 
 Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex 
 I coulda been next to fly over the cookoo's nest 
 But you know who, with a S tattooed to my chest 
 But I finessed it, now I got the industry pissy 
 Ever since me and Dre split it 50/50 on 50 
 It's funny, we got a buzz spreadin quicker 
 Then mankin' paper airplanes out of a twenty 
 Fuck money, I don't rap with dead presidents 
 I'd rather see the president dead 
 It's never been said but I set precedents 
 And the standards and they can't stand it 
 My name shoulda been bastard, the shit shoulda been plastered 
 On my forehead with a stamp, I shoulda been blasted 
 I shoulda been had a cap put in my ass 
 But I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it 
 I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot 
 Fuck that shit! I dun seen how fast this rap shit 
 Can turn into some pap pap shit that quick 
 Snap click, but this time I got the fuckin' au-to-ma-tic 
 And no one gon' test this mind, clack click 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen, gotta protect ourselves 
 Look at how shit has been, we better check ourselves 
 Livin' up in these streets through worse and through better health 
 Survivin by any means; We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We are samaritans, what did we get us in 
 We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live 
 This is America and we are Americans 
 I got a secret if you can keep it between us 
 I tuck two Nina's under my jeans, either side of my penis 
 Under my long johns, under my Sean Johns 
 One run in with the long arm of the law, I'm long gone 
 I'ma do five years, no less then that, no questions asked 
 What might be a good idea, that I stop right here 
 And quit while I'm ahead, already in the red 
 Already got a steady infrared meant for my head 
 A target on my back, bigger problems than that 
 Bin Laden on my ass, he probably gon' send the task 
 I ain't gon' even ask, they ain't gon' let me pack 
 They ain't gon' give me my semi but I got my ... mack 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen, gotta protect ourselves 
 Look at how shit has been, we better check ourselves 
 Livin' up in these streets through worse and through better health 
 Survivin by any means; We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We are samaritans, what did we get us in 
 We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live 
 This is America and we are Americans
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 Because you love me and I love you more 
 It's sick but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the same shit 
 We say that we do it for our baby but we don't, we do it for us 
 It's lust, 'cause neither one of us trusts each other so we fuck 
 Till we bust, till cuss each other out, we know what it's about 
 Shout till I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house 
 I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth 
 We fist fight till we turn this mother out and apologize after, laughter 
 Pain, it's insane, we're back in the same chapter again 
 And it's sad but it's true, when i'm laying here with you 
 There ain't nothing anyone could ever say or ever do 
 'Cause the more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 Because you love me and I love you more 
 'Cause I hate you, do you hate me? 
 Good, 'cause you're so fuckin beautiful when you're angry 
 It makes me wanna just take you and just throw you 
 On the bed and fuck you like I don't even know you 
 You fuck other people and I FUCK other people 
 You're a SLUT, but i'm equal, i'm a MUTT, we're both evilin our ways 
 but neither one of us would ever admit it 
 'Cause one of us would have one up on the other so forget it 
 We can make accusations, people spread rumours 
 But they ain't got proof, till they do, it's just the two of us 
 You and me, 'cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me 
 But you gotta believe it to a degree 'cuz true indeed 
 If you didn't I wouldn't be hittin', yeah I would 
 'Cuz the sex is too damn good, if I ran, who would I run to 
 That would be this soft and warm? So it's off and on 
 Usually more off then on but at least we know that we 
 Share this common bond, you're the only one I can fuck 
 without a condom on, I hope the only reason that I cope 
 Is 'cuz of that fact and I can bust in that, and that's why 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 Because you love me and I love you more 
 I can never understand it, that's why I don't try 
 From junior high until we both die, you silly hoe why must we try 
 Is it really so rough that we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff 
 Try to pull each other's legs until the other begs 
 We're lying to ourself, that's the beauty of it, yeah 
 'Cause we truly love each other, that's why we always fight 
 And all we do is shove each other every other fuckin' night 
 And it's clear, it ain't gonna change, this pinned up rage 
 We both have, we both feel like we've been upstaged 
 By someone else, we both been someone else's someone else 
 The problem is neither one wants help 
 It's an addiction 
 And it can't be fixed, our family's mixed up 
 There's a baby sister in the mix and it hurts 
 'Cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit 
 And anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit 
 And they're probably just tired of hearing it all the time on every song 
 Every lyric and every rhyme, all the hoopla, all of the woopty woo 
 What you put me through, fuckin' woopty do 
 But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love 
 You wouldn't do what you did last time, you wouldn't screw up 
 This time, 'cause this time girl i'm tellin you what 
 You do it again and i'm fuckin' you up 
 No matter what you say, what you do 
 I'ma hunt you down 'till I find you 
 No matter where you run, i'll be right there 
 Right behind you in your nightmares 
 So much for them flowers, and the candy 
 All the times that you threw it back at me 
 Told me you hate me, you 'gon hate me more 
 When you find out you can't escape me, whore 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 Because you love me and I love you more
 (Little girl) 
 I, I wanna grow up toon 
 Poppa Marshall, will you tell us a bed time story? 
 (Eminem) 
 Heeere we gooo 
 Now once upon a time not long ago 
 There was a little rapper about to blow 
 But his album came and it was not good 
 I think it went letter double pop a wood 
 So the silly little fans they were mislead 
 By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head 
 "Me and you clef we're gonna make some cash 
 Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass" 
 Hey mister, would ya care ta bear witness ta 
 The ass-whippin I'm about to administer 
 To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blista 
 Stan-abis, little Marshall Mathers sista 
 Annanis, corner, we have a mister 
 Not havin' it it's the machinista 
 Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for 
 This little antagonist bag of dick-suckin 
 Ex LL Cool Jay fan from Windsor 
 I'm bout to murder little guinea fag Anista 
 You bastard, I ain't wanna have to diss ya 
 Canabis, where the fuck you at I miss ya 
 Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch where for art thou can-a-bitch? 
 Please tell me what happened with that style that you were rappin' with? 
 Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch are you from Los Angeles 
 New York or just a janitor from Canada? Oh Can-a-bitch 
 Now at first I ain't really understand this shit 
 Picture me for a second and imagine it 
 Chillin' in a bat man chair an relaxin 
 When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanner 
 It's 'Can-a-bitch' or some Stan lives shit 
 They creep me out at first man this is sick 
 But me being just a sick as conflict gets my dick harder than arithmetic 
 And I know how you jealous ones envy 
 I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me 
 The first two letters you were 
 Tellin' me shit like you respect me like any other regular MC 
 The third letter you ask 
 How come I ain't return none of the messages at Shady Records you left me? 
 The fourth Letter "Slim you really startin to upset me" 
 The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me 
 The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building 
 This crazy mother fucker's really tryin' to kill me 
 So I went back and read the first few letters 
 That said some shit about a message you left 
 Oh shit that's not an "e" that's an "a" 
 This dude wants to leave me a massage he's gay 
 Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre 
 We got a bogey "Marshall I'm on the way" 
 Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch where for art thou can-a-bitch? 
 Please tell me what happened with that style that you were rappin' with? 
 Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch are you from Los Angeles 
 New York or just a janitor from Canada? Oh Can-a-bitch 
 So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib 
 Only thing is we both know where this kid lives 
 And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship 
 Shit oh Dre wait a mintue that's it 
 All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost 
 We can fly over the border "Let's go whoosh" 
 So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin speed 
 *Pfftt Arghh* What was that? Oh Jermaine Dupre fuck It 
 Keep goin' no time to waste 
 Wait backup hit him one more time in case (Okay) 
 Fuck now he's draggin under the car 
 Oh well only 30 more thousand miles 
 Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate 
 Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hatin' 
 And tryin' to figure out what happened to Jermaine propaine 
 "He couldn't have fell of that hard" ain't no way 
 "What happened to the way you was rappin', 
 When you was scandalous then Canabis turned into a television evangelist?" 
 Plus he raps with his regular voice 
 *Pft, pft, pft, pft* "What was that?" (Pet Shop Boys) 
 So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted 
 His corpse was still movin but his ass was rotted 
 He kind of smelled a little like Courtney Love 
 I figured if I stick him with a fork he's done 
 So I stapped him twice kept jabbin Christ 
 He won't die this guy's like a battered wife 
 He's like Kim he keeps comin' back for more 
 But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw 
 Hold up Bis quit foldin up 
 Punch me in the chest make my shoulders touch 
 Do somethin' at least one punch line 
 C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-tey-nine percent of my fans are blonde 
 Bis c'mon answer me man respond 
 Tell me 'bout the sun, rain, moon and stars 
 Intergalatic or metaphors from Mars 
 Raw to the floor raw like Resovoir dogs 
 Bite another line from Red Man's song 
 Suddenly the stub of a dead man's arm from a midget 
 Reaches out from under the car 
 It's JD, this motherfucker won't die neither 
 Dre starts sprayin him with cans of Ether *Sshhhh* 
 We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again 
 (Compton) Detroit Bitch talk some shit again 
 Stomp him (switch feet) 
 Stomp him (switch again) 
 Dre all right he's dead dawg quit kickin him 
 I think Stan-abis jumped off the bridge again (Arghhhhhh... Damn!) 
 He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again
 Yo 
 Check it out 
 It's fucked up 
 'Cause I don't see either one of us budgin' 
 I'm with-holding my anger 
 Though id like to be the strangler 
 Of this punk ass little pussy's punie neck 
 It's my right to insist 
 That he acknowledge my existence 
 But he just displays complete lack of respect 
 That's when he says to himself as he 
 Uses his magazines to trash me 
 As he sits with both his feet up at his desk 
 Smokes a bag of his weed 
 And starts imagining things 
 And he just can't see that hes manically depressed 
 And in his jealousy and envy 
 It just whirls him in a frenzy 
 As he turns on MTV and sees my face 
 And he don't exist in his world 
 So he just twists and he twirls 
 Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage 
 And its destroying him slowly 
 'Cause he does not even know me 
 Even though he sees me everywhere he goes 
 So he just tortures himself 
 He has no fortune and wealth 
 So he extorts someone else to get his dough 
 And now hes acting like a bully 
 So he tries to push and pull me 
 But he knows that he can't fool me so hes mad 
 He has no choice but to scream 
 And raise his voice up at me 
 'Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared 
 You ain't no muthafuckin 
 Buuully 
 And I ain't bowing to no muthafuckin 
 Buuully 
 I won't allow it, ain't no coward to no 
 Buuully 
 I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a 
 Buuully 
 Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a 
 Buuully 
 And I know it must be fuckin' with you emotionally 
 Now I'm not tryin' to make no more enemies 
 No more unfortunately 
 There's so many other muthafuckas that just are 
 They just keep houndin at me 
 Now that I'm down wit 50 
 Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja 
 But his ass is such a puppet 
 Irv could shove his whole hand up it 
 And just make him say what he wants him to say 
 But Suge has Irv on a string 
 And Irv's so nervous that he 
 Says anything to this man to keep him at Bay 
 So now Ja thinks that hes so tough 
 And Murder INC's the big bad wolf 
 And they go huff and puff 
 And blow our label down 
 But our buildings made out of bricks 
 So you ain't takin' our shit 
 And dawg you just did a song with Bobby Brown 
 So now you try to pull the race card 
 And it backfires in your face hard 
 'Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit 
 Plus that stylist that you fucked 
 When you was extacy'd up 
 Was just a man who's dressed up 
 As a white bitch 
 You must be takin' too much eeeeeeeeee 
 Now what bothers me the most 
 About hip hop is we so close 
 To pickin' up where we left off with Big and Pac 
 We just lost Jam Master Jay 
 Big L got blasted away 
 Plus we lost Bugs, Snake Tongue and Freaky Tah 
 It's like a neverending cycle 
 That just seems to come full circle 
 Everybodies gotta be so fuckin' hard 
 And I'm not excluding myself 
 'Cause I been stupid as well 
 I been known to lose it when someone says something smart 
 But as we grow as men we learn 
 To let shit go but then again 
 There's only so much bullshit we can really stand 
 We all got reps to up hold 
 When someone steps on our toe 
 Its no exception it goes for every man 
 But if Irv really gave a fuck 
 About Ja like he claims he does 
 And wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs 
 They just keep feeding him pills 
 So if that E doesn't kill him 
 Someone from G Unit will and I ain't buzzed 
 Dawg I'm talkin' to you straight 
 If the situation escalates and worse 
 Were gonna lose another soldier to this game 
 And if I get killed for this rap 
 I got a million in cash 
 That says I will get you back in Hailey's name 
 Irv go get your boy up off that Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
 Get at me dawg, holla
 Good mornin 
 Haha, wake your mother fuckin' asses up 
 Hey yo what is the what? 
 Well come on in, you know what time it is 
 Stop sleepin' on my group, bitch 
 For whatever it's worth, it's worth me havin' my ass whipped 
 'Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever get ass squished 
 I just can't get past these little pissants 
 That wanna be brauny bad asses so bad 
 And they so mad, they can't stand it 
 'Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk) 
 And they can't handle it like a man 
 And that's when it just happens 
 And I snap Then it's a wrap, Then it's a scrap 
 An it isn't rap is it? 
 Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit 
 Maybe I'm old fashioned but my passion 
 Is to smash anyone rappin' without havin' a slappin 
 Believe me I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now 
 But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic 
 'Cause I'm tellin' you right now your not gonna like it 
 'Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me 
 You poke a stick at a bit, boy, you get bit, B 
 These words stick to you like crazy glue 
 When you diss me 'cause they just bounce off me like bullets do, 50 
 I'm the beautiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone 
 Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl accidentally (argghhh!) 
 I do this for Swifty 
 Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy, and Proof are you with me? 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Come on in Everybody come on in 
 Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in 
 'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin' 
 Wake your ass up mother fuckers quit yawnin 
 'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin 
 So help us sing along with the words o' the song an 
 If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then 
 Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in 
 Everybody come on in 
 (Swifty) 
 They said of me, the epitome of a beef starter 
 In a party with heat. It's hard to keep me without one 
 Fuck snubs, I walk in clubs with a shotgun 
 Constantly poppin' slugs. they hot son, better not run 
 The bosses of all bosses, A halocaust to whoever ain't cautious 
 In a house full of dark shit, I'ma gothic death prophet. yo stop breathin 
 You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin 
 It ain't about what you readin 
 When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins 
 Either that or we'll be beefin frequent 
 You n***az need a 'E' just to speak shit 
 An Your leader is a petite bitch 
 Keep the heater where you can reach quick 
 I snipe you with it an won't even keep it a secret 
 N***a I did it from a mind of a mental patient 
 When glocks wave you can save that conversation for Satan 
 You brave? 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Well Come on in Everybody come on in 
 Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in 
 'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin' 
 Wake your ass up, mother fuckers. Quit yawnin 
 'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin 
 So help us sing along with the words o' the song an 
 If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then 
 Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in 
 Everybody come on in 
 (Kuniva) 
 Yo yo 
 I heard you niggas don't like us 
 But so what this beef is like 
 "What tha fuck" did he say in his rap Em? 
 I can see that he just a punk 
 I mean these niggas'll squeeze on me 
 Please I'm seeing guts 
 I don't need no enemies, is my family a couple (???) 
 Am I (?????)? To emtpy out them (???) 
 To fight you in front of every reporter that I don't like 
 No need for metaphors I get points across when I write 
 Just emotion's enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT?!" 
 I might as well give this up 
 But tha'd be selfish as fuck to leave D12 an' it's What? 
 We can't self destruct 
 I've never felt it this much 
 Come on fellas, get up 
 We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life 
 (Kon Artis) 
 I walk with a limp, pistol hangin' off'a tha hip 
 I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fifth 
 Your carcas'll split even if beef is partially thick 
 We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit 
 You probably wish that you could be out shootin at G's 
 But the only thing you shoot is the breeze 
 I can't believe you speaking on movin key's 
 But every time we hear you kick it 
 The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets 
 I look wicked cause n***az'll test your nut sack 
 So when they bust you better bust back 
 Or get your guts clapped outta your stomach 
 And when they want it (yeah) 
 I bring a hundred n***az from (???) 
 So get to gunnin if you comin' 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Well Come on in Everybody come on in 
 Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in 
 'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin' 
 Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin 
 'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin 
 So help us sing along with the words o' the song an 
 If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then 
 Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in 
 Everybody come on in
 [2Pac] 
 Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray 
 [Radio tuning in] 
 [Ja Rule] 
 Em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up? 
 [Em and Hailie] 
 [E] Ah-HA! Yeah! C'mon! 
 G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie 
 [H] What? 
 [E] Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar 
 [H] Okay 
 [E] We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass! 
 [H - laughs] 
 [Vesre 1] 
 [Swift] 
 I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple 
 I'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' 'bout a pencil 
 Lookit what the fuck you done got into 
 I see you found yo niche, you just a bitch wit a menstrol 
 Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong 
 You put 'e' before the'd' 'cause that's all you on 
 You on Pac's dick, you a regular guy 
 If Pac was still alive you would never get by 
 All you do is cry, bitch keep it real 
 Life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills 
 And kind of muthafucka ruins three deals 
 That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills 
 And I ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated 
 And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover 'cause he need it 
 And all you niggaz hatin', shut you mouths 
 It's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out 
 [Obie Trice] 
 Do-ra-mi, but we don't sing muhfuckas 
 So Murder Inc. do ya thing muhfuckas 
 You've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less 
 Than R&B comin' from that regime 
 Regime it's a little extreme 
 Neck and necks with soldiers, muhfuckin' Marines 
 Ja sold his soul to sing 
 Weave eye-witness team on the TV screen, chase the greed 
 Now that you've embraced the green 
 Don't fuck with the triple beams 
 You's a muthafuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin' rapper 
 Slash Billie Holliday how it happen? 
 Artist for Repetuar saw him in action 
 Pac assassination Def Jam grabbed him 
 Told him reinact him, you go platinum 
 They seen it for sure, I know that Afina Shakur 
 Don't enjoy Jeffery Atkins reinactin' her boy 
 So I'm click-clackin' this toy 
 Mash and destroy, Shady 
 Aftermath and Detroit muthafuckas 
 [Eminem] 
 Do-ra-me, fa-so-la-ti-da 
 Don't blame me 'cause you lost your boss's spot 
 Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa 
 Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac 
 Don't make me, too hot and you're not 
 Shootin' at me, with the only shot you got 
 Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac 
 You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop 
 [Kuniva] 
 Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs 
 To the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs 
 We don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook, get off X dick, go sing a hook nigga 
 And you can't replace the late greal one 
 And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one 
 Nigga please, stick to the script 
 Before the guns stick to the clip, and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch 
 Fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen 
 Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive 
 Wait a minute, hold on 
 Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on? 
 A bitch made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex? 
 You niggaz can scream holler and curse 
 Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse 
 [Proof] 
 Slim did it simple to get at the wankstas 
 He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas 
 What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on 
 But you?? the?? for sucking your?? 
 What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz? 
 Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us 
 It's real business you ain't caught the concept 
 You talkin' nonsense to walk and find press 
 Contact was blown by Munsetta in The Source 
 Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch 
 Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us 
 But Detroit niggaz?? and ain't scurred to bust 
 [Kon Artis] 
 Word to my nigga Bugs, punks like you get beat up 
 Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater 
 This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina 
 Who's behind ya? Cadillic Pac or that transvestite who dress like a Lil Kim fox, her chest like a little windbox 
 Press tight on the trigger of this glock 
 Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat 
 You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep 
 You got shot in your video tryin' mock Pac 
 You 'Mockaveli', get your own identity 
 [Eminem overdubs chorus] 
 Yeah! 
 Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again! 
 Fuckin' punk pussy little bitch! 
 I'll fuck you up boy! 
 Never! Never in your muthafuckin life! 
 I'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch! 
 Hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass! 
 [Obie Trice speaking] 
 That's right muthafuckas 
 Shay records, whatchu know about it? 
 Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule 
 Nigga, this Obie Triceright here talkin' to you muthafuckas 
 Ja Rule punk ass... Yeah! 
 Fuckin' Soul For Real ass... 
 Nigga that's Soul For Real 
 That the nigga from Soul For Real! 
 Candy Rain ass nigga... 
 He got a deal now he rappin' 
 You'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas 
 Get money to all my real niggas, man 
 Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent... 
 Hailie Jade! 
 [50 Cent (laughing)] 
 [Hailie] 
 Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me? 
 [Eminem] 
 No honey, you guys are the same size...
 Psst, hey, listen 
 I love my job 
 It makes me feel like, superman 
 Can you fly, I can, wanna see 
 I'm only entertaining you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate making you high 
 And take you and I, to a place that you can't see 
 But I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just the man who's on the mic 
 So let me, entertain you 
 My lyrical content is constantly under fire 
 No wonder why I constantly bomb back 
 To combat attacks with constant concepts 
 When lyrics constantly took out of context 
 Failure to communicate with congress 
 Has, been a problem for the longest I guess 
 But, maybe one day we can make some progress 
 Food for thought, see how long it takes to digest 
 Feeling good when I should be ashamed 
 Shit I really should've fell but I stood 
 See I came like a flame in the night 
 Like a ghost in the dark 
 There's a ray 
 There's a light 
 There's a hope 
 There's a spark 
 But when planets collide 
 They'll never see eye to eye 
 Until they decide 
 To set their differences aside 
 And this is why 
 Only one of us will survive 
 So children follow my lead 
 And feel the vibe because 
 I'm only entertaining you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate making you high 
 And take you and I, to a place that you can't see 
 But I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just the man who's on the mic 
 So let me, entertain you 
 My, music can be slightly amusing 
 You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing 
 Trying to separate the truth from entertainment 
 It's stupid ain't it, I get sick of trying to explain it 
 See I can sit and argue with you but it goes beyond 
 Just being a snot, pointy nosed, bleached blonde 
 'Cause I came here to uplift let your woes be gone 
 Tell em' to get fucked and just mosey on 
 Constantly movin', constantly using the constitution 
 As a form of restitution 
 Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant 
 Let me entertain you like 
 Robbie Williams 
 I'll be here when y'all are gone rebuilding 
 World revolving, still evolving, still Slim 
 How many kids will copy, probably millions 
 But I'ma do this as a fuckin' hobby till then cause 
 I'm only entertaining you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate making you high 
 And take you and I, to a place that you can't see 
 But I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just the man who's on the mic 
 So let me, entertain you 
 My, lyrical content contains subject matter 
 That sucks up all these fucked up young kids at an 
 Alarmin' rate, common denominate 
 Add it up and you'll see that's why I dominate 
 I try to stimulate, but kids emulate 
 And mimic every move you make, Slim you're great 
 But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain 
 I gotta be the one to go against the grain 
 'Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it but it's inhumane 
 For me to see you be influenced, and pretend you ain't 
 But they don't understand that I've been through pain 
 If you get to know me I can be a friend you gain 
 But you can't just stand there and try to judge 
 It hurts, but your jealousy probably tears you up inside as much 
 And it's such a pleasure every button that I touch 
 I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but 
 I'm only entertaining you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate making you high 
 And take you and I, to a place that you can't see 
 But I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just the man who's on the mic 
 So let me, entertain you
 (Feat. Green Lantern) 
 (Green Lantern:) 
 Okay, it's about that time again 
 (Eminem:) 
 Green Lantern 
 (Green Lantern:) 
 That's right 
 (Eminem:) 
 G-G-G-G-unnii (burp) Shit 
 Haha 
 (Shady) 
 We back! Invasion, Part 2 
 The conspiracy 
 'Cause we ain't gunna never stop, you just keep wastin' you energy on us 
 You should find something to do with your time (time) 
 And quit fuckin' with us 'cause we ain't fuckin' with you 
 And it must be fuckin' with you so much you must be goin' out your mind (mind) 
 They say I'm a damn way from my entire empire crumbilin' 
 Speak up your mumbillin' 
 What the fuck are you so (be, be, be, be, k, k, k, k) okay baby this is Shady I know you is a lil baby and wish we would just go away and we may weeble wobble but we don't fall down like J master J's two turn tables (R.I.P.) our label is just too stable 
 Your magazine is so mutha fuckin' thin you usin' staples to hold it together 
 It's turnin' back into a news paper 
 And y'all got someting for my ass every issue 
 Thank you 'cause I keep runin outta fuckin' tissue 
 And not to diss you but god I was sick of lookin' at you 
 Atleast I can know when nikes' got a new tennis shoe 
 But I guess no g'news is always good g'news 
 Movin' on to big, better things (Chickachickacheureh) 
 50's blowin' up 
 Missy keeps on throwin' up 
 What the fuck is goin' on? 
 Who the fuck is Norah Jones? 
 Shady wait a minute baby leave the world alone just go up there and be humble and take them another time 
 Bush has just declared the World a fuckin' war zone 
 Meanwhile we got a war goin' on of our own at home 
 My fuckin' minds blown, tryin' to figure out how to fight my own clone 
 Rhine stones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night 
 After a hit of ecstasy ain't that right whoa 
 Wait a minute I'm ramblin', back to the matter at hand it's Green Lantern 
 With Elvis Presly the selfish MC back to ruin rap and destroy the industry 
 Single handedly and oh man did we yeah me an 50, obie me and Twizzy, and Nelly, and Missy, and Jigga god damn it's all a plan devised by the man 
 It's a conspiracy again fake shit and anybody who can't make hits or dope shit lyrically 
 So fuck what ya hurd or what you read about 
 We ain't ruinin' rap baby we just tryna' weed it out 
 Shady in the place to be see 
 And I got what it takes to Roc The Mic right 
 Still keep talking shit to me punk 
 Cause your magazine is over in less than six months 
 Hahah, Shady records, still aftermath 
 And don't think we can hear you muthafuckas talking, 'cause we can't, we don't hear y'all, so we're just gunna sit back for the rest of our lives while you ride our dicks
 (50 Cent) 
 Yeah, Shady, Hahahaha 
 G G G G G G G G-Unit 
 (Eminem) 
 Here we go again 
 (50 Cent) 
 Does it make you mad when I switch my flow? 
 You can't understand how I get my dough 
 50 Cent I'm on fire cause Shady said so 
 I'm on fire 
 Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne 
 I just get on the track and try to set the tone 
 I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone 
 But don't compare me 
 I'm better off jus' left alone 
 And I ain't even tryna go there wit record sales 
 I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself 
 Say what up, keep steppin, and just rep D-12 
 Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail 
 And livin' wreckless 
 But if you go check my belt 
 You may see something else I used to protect myself 
 A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells 
 And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel 
 And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to 
 Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you 
 And I done seen a lot of people cross the line 
 But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind 
 That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX 
 Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next 
 So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael 
 Juss keep singin' the same song, recycled 
 We'd all much rather get along and fight you 
 Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you 
 And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth 
 C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you 
 I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to 
 But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you 
 Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on 
 But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it 
 But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta 
 We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to 
 So what's the, deal where was all the tough talk? 
 When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg? 
 How come you didn't say you had a problem then? 
 When you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then 
 I'ma grown man dawg come holla 
 All you did was slapdance, smile and swallow, 
 Another one of them little X pills in front of me 
 And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on 
 (50 Cent) 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 (Tony Yayo) 
 You couldn't son me if my father helped you 
 My punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you 
 Ja you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you 
 Every other week I'm buyin a new pistol 
 I clap at your ass with this chrome 38 
 And put six through your hats of seven 3/8 
 Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you should shook night 
 I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike 
 You know and I know who took ya chain 
 You got robbed two times so ya ass is laid 
 I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail 
 You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch 
 (50 Cent) 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 (Lloyd Banks) 
 Fuck that I'm miles away 
 And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand 
 I'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man 
 Tellin' New York, even in Compton they understand 
 I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'... 
 They see me more pop a boy for icey 'cause I could 
 Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood 
 Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song 
 Now you want it wit' us, half your artists got to make a point 
 Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer picture 
 And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches 
 You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka 
 I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'fucker 
 (50 Cent) 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 (Tony Yayo) 
 Yeah nigga yeah 
 Shady Aftermath G-Unit 
 Fuck you think they call us G Unit for 
 'Cause we move units uhha 
 Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherfucking studio time 
 A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even
 Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment... 
 Would you capture it or just let it slip? 
 (Yo) His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's chokin' how, everybody's jokin' now 
 The clocks runs out, time's up, over, blow 
 Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh 
 There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't 
 Give up that easy no, he won't have it he knows 
 His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter he's dope 
 He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant he knows 
 When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's 
 Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody 
 He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better) 
 His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping 
 This world is mine for the taking, make me king 
 As we move toward a new world order 
 A normal life is boring, but super-stardom's 
 Close to postmortem, it only grows harder 
 Only grows hotter, he blows us all over 
 These hoes is all on him, coast to coast shows 
 He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads God only knows 
 He's grown farther from home, he's no father 
 He goes home, and barely knows his own daughter 
 But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water 
 These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product 
 They moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
 He nose dove and sold nada, so the soap opera 
 Is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna' 
 But the beat goes on, da da dum da dum da da da dum 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better) 
 No more games, I'mma change what you call rage 
 Tear this motherfuckin' roof off, like two dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed 
 I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cipher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the 
 Fact that I can't get by with my nine to five 
 And I can't provide the right type of 
 Life for my family, 'cause man these goddamn 
 Food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life 
 And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder 
 Tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter 
 Caught up between bein' a father and a Prima Donna 
 Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much for me to wanna 
 Stay in one spot, another day of monotony 
 Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail I've got 
 To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not 
 Mom I love you, but this trailer's got to go 
 I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot 
 So here I go, it's my shot, feet fail me not 
 This may be the only opportunity that I got 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better) 
 You can do anything you set your mind to, man.
 I got 50 Cent 
 I got G-Unit 
 D-Twizzyin this bitch 
 With Obie Triiiiice 
 So watch what you say 
 Before you call our name 
 If you say one more thing 
 It won't be nice 
 Here we go 
 I shoulda known 
 I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later 
 You little haters are too jellous of us to love us 
 You ain't it 
 G-Unit made it 
 And Obie's comin' 
 D-Twizzy's comin' 
 You sick to your stomach 
 50% is 50-Cent 
 The other 50% is who's color skin it is 
 Don't even consider takin' our label down 
 You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it 
 But I ain't tryin' to get too intriqette into it 
 I'm just tryin' to give you a little hint for your own benefit 
 'Cause then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into some other shit 
 Then I'm a flip 
 Then I'm a get to stompin in my Air Force One's 
 Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one 
 It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you 
 You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes 
 I don't know what it is or what it could be 
 But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me 
 Thinkin' they gon' put me in the position to pickle me 
 Y'all tickle me pink 
 I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me 
 Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the diggity dock diggity 
 Mixed with a little bit of the jigga-ja-jigga 
 With a small pinch of Biggie 
 Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 'Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label 
 Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 We gon' fuck around and steal your people 
 Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho 
 Shady in the place to be seen 
 And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT! 
 Still watch what you say to me punk 'cause I'm off probation in less then 6 MONTHS! 
 Ha ha whoo 
 Shady Records 
 Still Aftermath 
 And don't thik we don't hear you mutha fucka's talkin' 
 We see y'all 
 But we just gon' sit back for a minute and watch what the fuck y'all do
 It's all bad now man, it's all bad 
 It's all fucked up now 
 Yeah ha ha, new shit, hey yo 
 I just want the whole world to know: 
 That I did not start this, but I will finish it 
 Comin' up it never mattered was color you was 
 If you could spit then you could spit, that's it, that's what it was 
 Back when, motherfuckers was straight back packin 
 Cypherin, fightin for life in this rap 
 For the mic to get past and you psyched and you gasped 
 And you hyped 'cause you last and you might whoop some ass 
 If you lost then you lost shake hands like a man 
 And you swallowed it, when the unsigned hype column 
 At The Source was like, the only source of light 
 When the mics used to mean somethin', a four was like 
 You were the shit, now it's like the least you get 
 Three and a half now just means you a piece of shit 
 Four and a half or five, means you Biggie, Jigga, Nas, 
 Or Benzino shit I don't eben think you realize 
 You playin' with motherfuckers lives, I done watched Dre 
 Get fucked on The Chronic, probably 'cause I was on it 
 Now you fucked me outta my mics twice I let it slide 
 I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin' breath to get a five 
 Shit I was right, I'da fuckin' died already tryin' 
 I swear to God I never lie I bet that's why 
 You let that bitch give me that bullshit review 
 I sat and took it, I ain't look at the shit we knew 
 You'd probly try to fuck us with Obie and 50 too 
 {(::Haach-poo::)} 
 Fuck a relationship we through 
 No more Source with street credit, them days is dead 
 Ray's got A-Ks to Dave May's head 
 Every issue there's an eight page Made Men spread 
 Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head 
 That I am not afraid, hes just a fuckin' waste of lead 
 On my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple 
 So listen closely, as I break it down and proceed 
 This old Gs bout to get smoked like rolled weed 
 You don't know me or my motherfuckin mother you motherfuckin punk 
 Put me on your fuckin' cover just sell your little sell out mag 
 I ain't mad I feel bad, heres an ad, heres a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad 
 You wanna talk about some shit that you don't know about? ya 
 Lets talk about how your puttin' you own son out there 
 And to try to eat off him, 'cause you missed your boat 
 Your never gonna float bitch you're just too old 
 No wonder you're sore now, lordy ya board now 
 I'm pushin thirty you kickin forty's door down 
 Bitch this is war now, and you'll never beat me 
 All you do is cheat me out of quotables but you know 
 That you'll always see me on your TV 
 'Cause you gotta stay up till three in the mornin 
 To see your video played once on BET 
 So he-he-he who has the last laugh? 
 Aftermath ya so on behalf on our whole staff 
 Kiss our ass-hole cracks we'll never fold or hold back 
 Just know that Benzinos wack 
 No matter how many times I say he's stan, hell never blow jack 
 Your better off tryin' to bring R-S-O back 
 Look at your track record that's how far it goes back 
 Its extortion and Ray owns a prportion 
 So half of the staff up there is fresh outta jail from boston 
 Bullyin and bossin, caged like a slave they've completely brainwashed him 
 And forced him to stay locked in his own office afraid of the softest 
 Fakest, wannabe gangster in New York 
 And its pitiful, 'cause I never woulda said shit to you if you'd kept your mouth shut 
 Bitch now what? hit it clue, spit it slay 
 New shit, exclusive yo lantern, yo whoo kid 
 You know what to do with this: use it 
 I'm through, this is stupid, I can't believe I stooped to this 
 Bullshit to do this... 
 And who you callin a bitch? Bitch. You owe me.
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 Yo, yo. It's several different levels to pickin' up shovels 
 And dumpin' you in ditches under sea-level, front and you can witness 
 Let me refreshen you niggas; tell you my position in this 
 Beef! - Leave you under Venice, opposition finished! 
 Here it is, we invaded, created a pyramid 
 Of a haven of names, so blame Dre and that ear o' his 
 So 
 (heavy breathing) 
 breathe, I rather 
 reach 
 for your neck 
 And I never 
 heat 
 you for respect, unless you 
 greet 
 me wit' less 
 I got a skunk in my trunk 
 I'm lyin' - I got a pump in my trunk 
 You dyin'. How many lumps niggas want? 
 Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all. 
 We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw 
 I stand firm, and it hurts to live it 
 You open up that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit' it 
 Slap a ho, snatch a mic. 
 Bein' brought to y'all in black and in white 
 (It's the new!) Joe Jackson and Ike. 
 We renegades! 
 (Eminem) 
 Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen 
 I ain't no politician but I'll kick it wit' 'em a minute 
 'Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it 
 But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it 
 Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics 
 Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics 
 Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits 
 But there's a huge interference - they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it 
 Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit 
 Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish 
 But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America 
 As a motherfuckin' drug addict - like you didn't experiment? 
 N-now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror 
 And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed 
 And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents 
 You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!) 
 And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't 
 Think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo 
 'Cause here we go: he's Royce, he's the King of Detroit 
 And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass, he's just a- 
 (Eminem) 
 Renegade! Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything. (Anything?) Anything. 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything (Anything?) Anything. (Anything!) 
 I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof 
 Hand him a pint of Limn and turn him loose 
 I'm tired of you new jacks 
 I'm tired of niggas that's like ("I'm 'bout to blow!") 
 'Less you a bitch, we don't care if you 'bout to do that 
 Move back, youngster, the glock gon' speak 
 Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco-meat 
 The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya 
 Or flash the clip, or give you the picture (Developed it.) 
 Click-clock, six shots blows through another door 
 And it gets hot, Hip-Hop Quotable tug o' war (Yeah!) 
 Who did you niggas beats, you bitches, who made it work? 
 That shit was 
 (raspberry) 
 - I got harder two-way alerts. 
 Just when I thought my dog couldn't get any meaner 
 You talk about his daughter, he probably go get you the nina; 
 You talk about his momma, he won't even give you the finger 
 He's (Crazy!) Deranged! Not media eaters, we renegades! 
 (Eminem) 
 See I'm a poet to some - a regular modern day Shakespeare 
 Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here 
 To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me 
 As a monger of hate, Satanist, scatter-brained atheist 
 But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste 
 We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is 
 Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? 
 Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today 
 See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin' Dixie 
 While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me 
 Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics 
 In holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer 
 I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful 
 The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers 
 hate 
 to 
 like 
 you 
 What did I do? (Huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter 
 Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a mo'fuckin' 
 (Eminem) 
 Renegade! Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything. (Anything?) Anything. 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything (Anything?) Anything. (Anything!) 
 (Eminem) 
 Renegade! Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything. (Anything?) Anything. 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything (Anything?) Anything...
 It's like that Eminem, Eminem all right bust it 
 It's only fair to warn I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my dang umbilical cord 
 Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board 
 And smash into your Honda Accord with a four door Ford 
 But I'm more toward dropping an acapela 
 To chop a fella to mozerella 
 Worse than a helicopter propeller 
 Got you locked in a cellar with your skeleton showing 
 Developing anorexia while I'm standing next to ya 
 Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
 With an IV in your vein feeding you liquid darvocet 
 Pumpin you full of drugs 
 Pull the plugs on the gunshot victims full of slugs 
 So were picked up in an ambulance and driven 
 To receiving with their asses ripped out of their pants 
 And given a less than 20 percent chance of livin' 
 Have a possible placement as a hospital patient 
 Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
 Dr. Kevorkian has arrived to perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'm still alive!" 
 Drivin' a rusty scalpal in through the top of your scalp 
 And pullin your adam's apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department I've hired an arsonist 
 To set fire to carpet and burn up your entire apartment
 (Eminem) 
 Slim Shady 
 Asshole 
 (Royce) 
 Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too 
 More heated, ready to outgun you 
 It's too late I already outgunned you 
 You was around, you know the outcome too 
 Let's play, lemme show you what Game is 
 Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is 
 Please, I'm reppin' a'd' homeboy 
 Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy 
 Royce five-nine's the name, niggaz know 
 And niggaz know, dealin' wit me niggaz know 
 Ayyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride 
 I got a five in Southside, you wanna drive 
 Beside, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger 
 You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga 
 I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl 
 Can't get none, but you know I love you girl 
 Yo 
 (Royce) 
 She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh 
 Same one that ain't really got shit, huh 
 She want her hair done, then get her nails done 
 Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Chanel, huh 
 (Eminem) 
 She the one that ain't really got shit, huh 
 The little bitch that really ain't got tits, huh 
 Fuckin' slut with a chest enhanced, 
 Who titty-dances to pay for her breast implants 
 (Eminem) 
 Anybody wit knives, we got knives too 
 More sharp, and ready to outslice you 
 About 5 dudes deep who outsize you 
 Who wanna see insides comin' outside you 
 Get me drunk, and I'll drink anything you can think 
 Wattup Miss. Bitch 
 (Yo what's up with the ring, you married?) 
 Shit, I'm still mingling, bitch 
 I just wanted to scream, this is the only finger that's it 
 Wattup with you, you married? 
 (Naww, I'm divorced) 
 Of course you are, you little fuckin' trailer park whore 
 (Trailer? I don't live in no trailer. I live in a mobilization unit, for your information) 
 Bitch, I got a dick, wanna fuck? 
 Hold still, swallow this birth control pill, slut 
 Fuck, pump so much cum in your stomach that when I pull out 
 A years and a half old potty-trained baby falls out 
 And I ain't stayin to pay no child support 
 Are you playin'? Be a man- bitch what you sayin'? 
 You tryin' to pull some bullshit, while I got one arm free 
 You want me to make this half-nelson a full? 
 (Royce) 
 Wattup boo, this is for you and your girlfriend 
 You bank-head, up in Detroit we Earl Flynt 
 Assholes get guns and flashed those 
 Never ever go to Detroit, we blast those 
 (Eminem) 
 Hi, my name is... 
 (Royce) 
 Royce 
 I'm the king 
 Gimme money, gimme jewels, everything 
 Ayyo, you with the long hair, is it yours? 
 I guess so, got a receipt- paid for 
 Got anymore lipstick? I'm sick of red 
 Get a perm, you nappy head, you chicken head 
 I know you ghetto, I ain't trying to take the ghetto out 
 Things about you to tell about, mellow out 
 I'm the one that be makin' the clubs say "What" 
 Gettin' love, and making the club say "What" 
 Some of you cats, hate on the low and got sick 
 Any sauce that got hits, not this 
 Yo 
 (Project Paki) 
 Any nigga wit guts, we got guts too 
 More than crazy, only want to outdo you 
 Damn, too late, we going after you 
 Go get more niggaz, you gonna need more than two 
 Project Paki, here to rep the east, New Jersey- I'mma rep my streets 
 Militainment- we soldiers y'all 
 Me, Slim, and Royce got you cornered y'all 
 The only niggaz you see on World's Wildest Police Chases 
 Niggaz that go wild only during court cases 
 Bitches go wild when they see us cum on they faces 
 We never discriminate, we fuck all races 
 She the one that I got love for 
 Money she won't get, I assure 
 She the one that think she hot 
 Damn, have you seen her, she is hot 
 High maintanence- that's her style 
 God I can't her out my mind, when she smile 
 But ain't no need to worry bout nothin' 
 I got ten girls like her, I ain't frontin 
 The only thing I buy is some good clothes for her, 'cause them shit is tacky 
 Royce got me on this, remember the name- Project Paki 
 So yo 
 (Royce) 
 You tramp 
 Why you still listenin? 
 Don't you see, I'm dissing you 
 Fade me out, why would you ever play me out? 
 I'm cool 
 What do y'all want from me? 
 (Repeat till fade)
 Skam: 
 Yo I'm tryin' to be the man of the day 
 Three six five a year 
 See the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryin' to hear (Fuck that!) 
 Bustin' lyrics in the air 
 Keepin' some up in the chamber 
 Eminem: 
 Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'? 
 Skam: 
 Man, I'm releasin anger 
 Eminem: 
 I'm tryin' to be the illest of the day 
 Three six five a year 
 See that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryin' to hear 
 Spittin' lyrics in your ear 
 Keepin' some up in the chamber 
 Skam: 
 Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin'? 
 Shady: 
 I'm releasin anger 
 Skam: 
 Man I'm tired of bein tired, every time I wake up 
 Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein late for the bus 
 Tired of all be blendin, and endin up datin sluts 
 So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up! 
 To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit without make-up, wake up 
 Gold diggin bitches, the buck stops here 
 The road to riches is closed for repair 
 So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone 
 You ain't Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone? 
 I rip your tissue out your ear 
 Spittin' like I don't care 
 My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year 
 So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up 
 Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump 
 When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit 
 Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit 
 Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down 
 They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now 
 At every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk 
 Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked 
 Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck 
 Tryin' to roll up on Miami, leavin' with a broke neck 
 Oh shit, lethal lyric equal land mind 
 I be stackin up Withe rappers like I'm throwin' gas signs 
 And I'm, buck wild exposin the plain truth 
 You couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room 
 Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar 
 For this bad car, that go along with the breath 
 Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft 
 Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber 
 (Yo Skam what the fuck you doin'?) 
 Eminem: 
 Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change 
 I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name 
 Became late to the last show with a different dane 
 Brain ate from the last ode that I snifed the cane 
 Yo know your spaced the fuck out like George Lucas 
 When your pukus, turnin' to yellow with orange mukus 
 So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers 
 I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English 
 Freak genuis, too extreme for the weak and squeemish 
 Burn you alive till you screamin to be extinquished 
 'Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence 
 Start a fire and block the hydrants 
 I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than 
 So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin 
 You gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin 
 On the B-side of my first single with the clean version 
 Stoppin' your short life when you still a teen virgin 
 Unless you get a kidney specimen from a spleen surgeon 
 In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery 
 To try to stop the blood from your rushin sternly eternally 
 I'll take it back before we do each others name 
 Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame 
 I'll take it further back than that 
 Back to lovers lane, to the night you were started 
 Cock block your fathers game 
 I'll plead the fifth like my drawers were muzzled 
 So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle 
 And when I'm down with ten seconds left, then to hope out 
 I'ma throw a head-but so hard, I'll knock us both out
 (Eminem) 
 Rock 
 City 
 Royce 
 5 
 9 
 Slim 
 Shady 
 Come on! 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Can't stop the hustle, 
 Royce nickel nine, glocks stop the tussel 
 Nine shots'll bust you, Pine Box we stuff you 
 Fuck You 
 (Eminem) 
 Fuck You 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 I am not the tussel 
 Niggas don't know me 
 (Eminem) 
 Come on 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 I'm Detroit's king, nigga, bow 
 Rock City's where the niggas pimp hoes, and ball 
 Strip hoes in bars, steal clothes in malls 
 (Eminem) 
 As long as your citys got the bombs? 
 Then your citys got the alarms? 
 Then your cities got the... 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Titties saggin, lookin' like they got four arms 
 Gold bottles, green bottles, Cris' to the Don 
 Niggas get popped, for sellin weed shaked with seeds 
 If you hate me, you hate the 'D', nigga please 
 I'm takin' shit back to the riots in the sixties 
 Think I'm lyin', visit me, where you at? 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock with me, (rock) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City 
 Come on the block with me 
 Rock City 
 And come and rock with me 
 Rock City, Come on 
 Rock, (on) City... COME ON! 
 Da da da da da 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Suburban and city niggas hussle together 
 Long as there's money involved, niggas'll tussle together 
 Long as the hussle's, a hussle, the green is green 
 White is white, nigga we buying if the price is right 
 So, drop the mic's, everything's on cock 
 From the shots to the dice, we have notin' to hide 
 You can't say we can't work, 
 (Eminem) 
 What 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Either we some plant workers, or we some niggas the plant worked, what! 
 Detroit bitches, is 'bout it 
 You can just ask any one of your niggas that visit about it 
 Any seven mile bitch, know how'ta get rich 
 She'll fuck you till you sleep, plus lie to your bitch 
 Plus she'll suck the swallow up outta your dick 
 And she keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit (come on) 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock with me, (rock) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City 
 Come on the block with me 
 Rock City 
 And come and rock with me 
 Rock City, Come on 
 Rock, (on) City... COME ON! 
 Da da da da da 
 The city with the bars, 
 With the most women cars are produced, 
 Here we are, we've been... 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 In the casinos, card shuffle's, number's to bet 
 Disrespect, and get a new smile under you neck 
 A city full of thug ass niggas and punk rockers 
 A lot of niggas act like Pac, so cops watch 'em 
 The shop blocks up, in the black or the light Timb's 
 White boys look, act and rap like Slim 
 (Eminem) 
 (Hi!) 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Fight music, night fuses, never respect it, 
 Guns talk, high schools with metal detectors 
 A city full of Tommy Hearst thumpers 
 Grant Hill hoopers, Barry Sanders runners, stunners 
 Chaldeans with weed, connects like whoa! 
 Hyper weed, no need to test like 'dro! 
 Hyper cats you got dough, they like so 
 Real then you might go (where?) 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock with me, (rock) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City 
 Come on the block with me 
 Rock City 
 And come and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City, (rock, come on) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock with me, (rock) 
 Come on and rock with me 
 Rock City 
 Come on the block with me 
 Rock City 
 And come and rock with me 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Detroit Rock City 
 (Eminem) 
 Slim Shady 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Won't you come on the block with us? 
 (Eminem) 
 Royce The 5'9 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Royce is on the block with us 
 (Eminem) 
 Royce The 5'9 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Next Level 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock City 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Royce nickel nine, ugh 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Slim Shady, ugh ugh 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock City 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Won't you come and rock with us? 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock City 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Won't you come on the block with us? 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock with me 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Won't you come and rock with us? 
 (Eminem) 
 Rock with, with, with... 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 Rock City 
 Don't touch it 
 (Eminem) 
 Fuck...
 (Young Zee) 
 *Talking* 
 I'm allowed to fuck up whenever... whenever I want... 
 This the Outhouse... 
 Lemme smoke a joint first... 
 Here, Pace... 
 (Young Zee) 
 95% of all y'all rappers butt 
 And y'all ride dick so much y'all gon' make me nuts 
 You'll get your jaw clocked, I'll drag your ass for four blocks 
 Dunk your head in Clorox, use your dreads for my floor mop 
 Gay or straight, my Papermate'll do a date rape 
 Zee can't wait, I'll go Great Bank on a blank tape 
 Lost like Spigg Nice, stick you for your thick ice 
 Good to hit twice 'fore you catch me usin' trick dice 
 Go to parole off of two in stolen wheels 
 My colon holdin' pills, fuck takin' some Golden Seal 
 I smoke leaky and black like BET 
 And fuck hoes raw dog till my balls catch VD 
 Mess with us, straight up, y'all better bust 
 I'm the one you'll never dust, it's still the same as it ever was 
 I'll leave the crowd in a Coupe with white walls 
 And scream, "If y'all ain't Outz then y'all could ride my balls" 
 Beef with us you might just catch a black eye 
 And ride for your crispy 850-I 
 I fuck with them drugs 'cause it gets me high 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 Been doin' this rap shit since '85 
 Then 'Clef put me down with the Fugee-la 
 It's only right me and Yah get a piece of the pie 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa 
 Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa 
 (Slang Ton) 
 Yo, all the boys in the lobby get needles filled with poison ivy 
 Put 'em in the hospital and give 'em a poison IV 
 My crew get high much off brew and Thai skunk 
 It makes my style off the wall like suicide jumps 
 We sip lots of liq' shots 
 It makes my hip-hop fat as your lip got when I 
 Kickboxed with flip-flops 
 And give a disk jockey six copies of this floppy 
 Shit I be dyin' for is your piece of shit hobby? 
 You borin' like Oran Dice, I'm more than hype 
 Bungee jumpin' with cordless mics, for tourists sites 
 Ton Slanga, I'm dopin', pills and cokin' 
 Lung cancer in my throat and still smokin' 
 (Az-izz) 
 Now, when your partner die, who got the right 
 To do the homicide and you shot the guy? 
 And when you's 'bout to cry who got you high? 
 Say Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 I'll blast the guy that don't pass the lye 
 Leave him paralized and agonized 
 Fellas, grab the thighs that's by your side 
 Say Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 (D.U) 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco 
 (Pace Won) 
 Wanna live this Outsida business 
 Blunt splitters, all that 
 Multiple musical contracts to fallback... 
 On... set like I was Liu Kang for Kombat... 
 Armed like Emmit when I rush crews 
 More hardcore than DMC and Krush Groove 
 Don't need hands to touch you 
 Mr. Perfect, the one you want to rap like 
 The name rap fiends have in their mouth like a crack pipe 
 Slap the fuck out you, remember us 
 I'm the man your father never was, or could've been 
 Maybe if they passed out weed in high school, I would've went 
 Got it down, yo 
 Even if you sing like Brownstone you couldn't "Take The Crown Home" 
 Try to call me out and get the dial tone 
 Pace Woner, dickin' 5-0 in a stolen gray Hummer 
 (Eminem) 
 Me and Pace had to flee in haste from bein' chased 
 For some E & Js we boosted out of some Korean place 
 I get drunk and hang-glide off of St. Ides' 
 And spray-paint the plain sides of all the subway train rides 
 I got a pitbull that eats sheep and spits wool 
 And chews on human body tissue till its stomach gets full 
 Skip school, barely went to class, thinkin' shit's cool 
 Hid a loaded pistol under this retarded kid's stool 
 I had a dream I blew up with half a mil' sold 
 And still stole a credit card, a purse, and someone's billfold 
 I'm from the city where the weather's always real cold 
 And chill mode can turn into somebody gettin' steel-toed 
 We be hangin' on the block till dawn 
 Stayin' spaced out like Dr. Octagon 
 Feelin' for the beats like they Chaka Khan 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 Pace Won, Slang Ton, and Yah 
 Young Zee, Az-Izz, D.U., and muah 
 Bizarre Kid, Loon One and Rah 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 (Young Zee) 
 Beef with us you might just catch a black eye 
 And ride for your crispy 850-I 
 We fuck with them drugs 'cause it gets us high 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 Been doin' this rap shit since '85 
 Then 'Clef put me down with the Fugee-la 
 It's only right me and Yah get a piece of the pie 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa 
 Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa 
 Mama-se, Ma-sa, Macosa 
 Mama-mama-mama-mama-macosa
 spoken: 
 Lord please forgive me for what I do, 
 For I know not what I've done. 
 Father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 Mama had a baby and its head popped off, head popped off 
 Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off 
 My mama don't want me, the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off 
 Gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off 
 Ring ring ring, on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch 
 Their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch 
 But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn 
 Else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn 
 Till somebody finally took me in, my great aunt and uncle Edna 'n' Charles 
 Edna 'n' Charles, Edna 'n' Charles, Edna 'n' Charles, Edna 'n' Charles 
 They were the ones who were left in charge 
 My elementary they gang up on me and sang this song 
 Sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song 
 It went a little something like Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb 
 Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn 
 Mama why do they keep saying this, I just don't understand, understand 
 And by the way, where's my dad 
 Father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly 
 Predominantly white, predominantly black, well what about me 
 Where does that leave me, well I guess that I'm between predominantly 
 Both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'ma scream 
 While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like a comedian to you 
 Do you think that I'm kidding, what do I look like some kind of idi... 
 Wait a minute shit, don't answer that, why am I so misunderstood 
 Why do I go through so much bullshit, it such bullshit 
 Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again, whining about his millions and 
 His mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in 
 From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad 
 And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it 
 Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it 
 I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard 
 Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it 
 Man if I only had half of it, if you only knew the half of it 
 Father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds, please release me 
 From these demons, I never had any of this shit planned ma, please believe 
 I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry 
 Now look at all the pain I caused, this Santa Clause, why you not comin' this year again 
 What did I do that was so bad to deserve this, everything could have been so perfect 
 But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoist up in the air 
 Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere 
 I don't even know what to feel like, they know me 'cause I'm in this ferris wheel 
 And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel 
 Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round 
 Here we go now, do si do now, curtains up, the show must go now 
 Ring around the rosie, the shows over, you can all go home now 
 But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame was supposed to be 
 Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be 
 So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on 
 Till I pass 
 50 
 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone 
 Father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 I said father please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 Oh! 
 Last one, baby... 
 Let's go... 
 Detroit!
 Eminem 
 There's not much you could do or say to phase me 
 People think I'm a little bit crazy 
 I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll 
 Have to step in every once in a while to save me 
 To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things 
 Sometimes I forget what other people just may think 
 A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me 
 If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me 
 I maybe a little too fast paced and racy 
 Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times 
 Cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem 
 Like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing 
 And I could give a fuck what category you place me 
 Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone 
 As long as you place me amongst one of them greats 
 When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside 
 Jay-Z 
 For every single die hard fan who embraced me 
 I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me 
 And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me 
 Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me 
 In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me 
 It only made me what I am today, see 
 Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me 
 You ain't gonna make or break me 
 Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G 
 You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening 
 Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me 
 And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me 
 You had all this time to think about it 
 Now don't pussy out and try to wimp out, face me 
 Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day 
 That we finally meet in the same place to see 
 Nate Dogg 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh, it's never enough 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh oh, it's never enough 
 50 Cent 
 My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it 
 Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics 
 You go say the wrong shit and get your face split 
 The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it 
 The spot my talk, it blaze a direct hit 
 Graze it, your peace talk, save it 
 You shit sounds dated, you're overrated 
 I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers 
 If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse 
 Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy? 
 I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it 
 To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic 
 My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it 
 Chew it or pop it, roll a bag and then chop it 
 Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it 
 When it's hot, it's hot, your hatin' is undeniable, stop it 
 Nate Dogg 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh, it's never enough 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh oh, it's never enough
 (spoken) 
 What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough 
 If you will, to be saved not in a religious sense, 
 but not to constitute what this country, at times, calls "we throw away children" 
 We seem to be approaching an age of the gross (burp) 
 We all have this idea that we should move up a little bit from our parents station 
 And each generation should do a little bit better 
 Alright come on let's cut this bullshittin' and dub 
 Let's get it started let's start addressin' this issue 
 And open it up 
 Let's take this shit back to the basement 
 And we can discuss statements that's made on this tape 
 And this whole origin of 
 The music that we all know and love the music we all enjoy 
 The music that you accuse me of tryin' to destroy 
 Let's rewind it to '89 when I was boy on the East side of Detroit 
 Crossin' 8 Mile and a war and they hit territory 
 I'd like to share a story this is my story 
 And can't nobody tell it for me 
 I am well aware that I don't belong here 
 You made that perfectly clear 
 I get my ass kicked, damn they're everywhere 
 From Bel Air shoppin' centre just for stoppin' in there 
 From the black side all the way to the white side 
 Okay there's a bright side 
 A day that I might slide 
 You may call it a pass I call it haulin' my ass 
 Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks 
 Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks 
 Them good old notorious, so well known tracks 
 So let's go back 
 Follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 Come on, let's go back 
 Follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter 
 Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitchhike 
 Just to get picked up they'd give me a lift up 
 8 Mile and Van Dyke I'd steal a goddamn bike 
 From somebody's backyard 
 And drop it off at the park 
 That was the halfway mark 
 To meet Kim had to walk back to her momma's and charmer's 
 After dark to sneak me in the house 
 When I'm kicked out my mom's 
 That's about the time I first met Proof, we'd goof 
 He'd carry on the steps said I was bored handin' out some flyers 
 He was doin' some talent shows at Center Line High 
 I told him to stop by and check this out some time 
 He looked at me like I'm out my mind 
 Shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme 
 I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place 
 And they both had the same rhymes that soundalike 
 We was on that same shit, that 
 Big Daddy Kane 
 shit 
 Where compound syllables sound combined 
 From that day we was down to ride 
 Somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line 
 So let's go back 
 Follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 Come on, let's go back 
 Follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 My first year in 9th grade 
 Can't forget that day in school 
 It was cool til' your man MC Sham came through 
 And said that Puma's the brand 'cause the Klan makes Troops 
 It was rumors but man, goddamn they flew 
 Must'a been true because man we done banned they shoes, 
 I had the new ones, the cool J, Ice-lambs, suede too. 
 But we just threw 'em in the trash like they was yesterday's news 
 Guess who came through next? X-clan debuted 
 With a key sissies now with this being a new trend 
 We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums 
 Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions 
 Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant 
 Me and my man Howard and Butter, would go to the mall with 'em 
 All over our necks like we're showing 'em off 
 Not knowing at all we was being laughed at you ain't even half black 
 You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that 
 And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that 
 All I remember is meeting back at 
 Manix's basement, saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the x clan's tape is... 
 Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time 
 She was tryna two time me 
 And there was this black girl 
 At our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me 
 And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus 
 The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs 
 The bombest goddamn girl in our whole school if I could pull it 
 Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time 
 But it backfired I was supposed to dump her 
 But she dumped me for this black guy 
 And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to 
 The oh foolish pride girl 
 But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad 
 But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize, I was wrong 
 'Cause no matter what color a girl is, she's still a hoe 
 So let's go back 
 Follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 Come on, let's go back 
 Follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home
 Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
 We all fall down... 
 Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
 We all fall down like toy soldiers 
 Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
 But the battle wages on for toy soldiers 
 I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure 
 Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders 
 I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it 
 Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a 
 Benzino 
 it don't matter 
 I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to 
 I'm supposed to set an example 
 I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em 
 If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em 
 Now the 
 Ja 
 shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it 
 There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it 
 I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it 
 It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some 
 Jay-Z 
 and 
 Nas 
 shit 
 And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it 
 I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted 
 And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it 
 This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it 
 That was never my object for someone to get killed 
 Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build? 
 It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good 
 I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' it 
 Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth 
 And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about 
 Plus 
 Dre 
 told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef 
 So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth 
 While he's all over TV down talkin' a man 
 Who literally saved my life, like "Fuck it, I understand" 
 This is business and this shit just isn't none of my business 
 But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute 'cause 
 Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
 We all fall down like toy soldiers 
 Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
 But the battle wages on for toy soldiers 
 There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme 
 And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' 
 But now it's elevated 'cause once you put someone's kids in it 
 The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? 
 It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' 
 We actually tried to stop the 
 50 
 and Ja beef from happenin' 
 Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him 
 And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him 
 Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him 
 Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em, and let him have it 
 Meanwhile my attention is pulled in another direction 
 Some receptionist at 
 The Source 
 who answers phones at his desk 
 Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection 
 Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
 But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up 
 Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous 
 Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' 
 Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then 
 When I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think 
 That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. 
 And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind 
 We still have soldiers that's on the front line 
 That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders 
 Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us 
 We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus 
 To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is 
 To have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners 
 Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is 
 But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered 
 It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it 
 Than to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict 
 I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further 
 But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' 
 I'm just willin' to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin' 
 Off at your jaws with the knockin' 'cause frankly I'm sick of talkin' 
 I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience 'cause 
 Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
 We all fall down like toy soldiers 
 Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
 But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
 I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America 
 And to the Republic for which it stands 
 One nation under God 
 Indivisible with liberty and justice for all 
 It feels so good to be back 
 I scrutinize every word, memorize every line 
 I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind 
 I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind 
 I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time 
 It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as 
 I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass 
 If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask 
 A father who has grown up with a fatherless past 
 Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has 
 Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task 
 And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft 
 Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts 
 Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half 
 Of his career typical manure moving past that 
 Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act 
 Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back 
 Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness 
 As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed 
 Carry on, give me hope, give me strength 
 Come with me and I won't steer you wrong 
 Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog 
 To the light at the end of the tunnel 
 We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march 
 Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh 
 Take us right through the doors, c'mon 
 All the people up top on the side and the middle 
 Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little 
 Just let it gradually build from the front to the back 
 All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black 
 Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together 
 To celebrate for the same 'cause don't matter the weather 
 If it rains let it rain, yeah the wetter the better 
 They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever 
 They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go 
 Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let 'em know 
 Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush 
 Until they bring our troops home, c'mon 
 Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness 
 As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed 
 Carry on, give me hope, give me strength 
 Come with me and I won't steer you wrong 
 Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog 
 To the light at the end of the tunnel 
 We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march 
 Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh 
 Take us right through the doors, c'mon 
 Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us 
 Mosh pits outside the oval office 
 Someone's tryina tell us something 
 Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible 
 For this monster, this coward that we have empowered 
 This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin' 
 How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists 
 Now this is our final hour 
 Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice 
 Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise 
 Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six- 
 Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch 
 Maybe we can reach Al Queda through my speech 
 Let the president answer a higher anarchy 
 Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war 
 Let him impress daddy that way 
 No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight 
 On our own soil, no more psychological warfare 
 To trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal 
 If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero 
 Look in his eyes its all lies 
 The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped 
 And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die 
 If I get sniped tonight you know why, 'cause I told you to fight 
 Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness 
 As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed 
 Carry on, give me hope, give me strength 
 Come with me and I won't steer you wrong 
 Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog 
 To the light at the end of the tunnel 
 We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march 
 Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh 
 Take us right through the doors, c'mon 
 And as we proceed to Mosh 
 Through this desert storm 
 In these closing statements, if they should argue 
 Let us beg to differ 
 As we set aside our differences 
 And assemble our own army 
 To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction 
 That we call our President, for the present 
 And Mosh for the future of our next generation 
 To speak and be heard 
 Mr. President, Mr. Senator 
 Do you guy's hear us?
 *Puking noises* 
 There I go 
 Thinking of you again 
 You don't know how sick you make me 
 You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach 
 Every time I think of you, I puke 
 You must just not know-oh-oh-oh-ho 
 You may not think you do, but you do 
 Every time I think of you 
 I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem 
 But off of the dome would probably be a little more 
 More suitable for this type of song, whoa 
 I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of 
 Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta 
 So fuck it, I'mma start right here by just be briefer 
 Bout to rattle off some other reasons 
 I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you 
 On my arm, but what do I go and do 
 I go and get another one, now I got two 
 Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh 
 I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin 
 I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again 
 My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim 
 Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it 
 If you only knew how much I hated you 
 For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through 
 Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you 
 Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-hoo 
 You don't know how sick you make me 
 You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach 
 Every time I think of you, I puke 
 You must just not know, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa 
 You may not think you do, but you do 
 Every time I think of you 
 I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter 
 But I thought a song would probably be a little better 
 Instead of a letter 
 That you'd probably just shred up, yeah 
 I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of 
 How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta 
 A stupid piece a paper, I'd rather let you see how 
 Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle 
 You're a fuckin' cokein' slut, I hope you fuckin' die 
 I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye 
 I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die 
 Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie 
 But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad 
 It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back 
 It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna yak 
 Aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ack 
 What else can I do, I haven't got a clue? 
 Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to 
 But every time I think of you now, I'll I wanna do 
 Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke 
 You don't know how sick you make me 
 You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach 
 Every time I think of you, I puke 
 You must just not know, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa 
 You may not think you do, but you do 
 Every time I think of you, I puke 
 *Puking noises* 
 Fuckin' bitch
 My First Single 
 Ohh! 
 Yeah! 
 So much for first single on this one 
 (Verse 1) 
 Shady's the lable 
 Aftermath is the stable 
 That the horses come out erra 
 Of course we're about to stir up 
 Some shit thick as Mix water with syrup 
 It's the mr. picked on Christopher Reeves 
 Just for no reason other than the just to tease him 
 'Cause he was as big as He used to be Superman 
 Now we're pourin liquor on the crib in his name for him 
 Eminem you wait till' we meet up again 
 Fucker I'm kickin your ass for everything you've ever said 
 It's one for the money two for the fuckin show 
 Ready get set, let's go 
 Here comes the buckin bronco stompin and stampedin up the damn street 
 Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow 
 So look out below, geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos 
 I'm on a roll, around and around I go 
 When will I stop I don't know 
 Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off 
 But I know anything's possible 
 Though I'm not gonna top what I sold 
 I'm at the top of my game 
 That shit is not gonna change 
 Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team 
 I'll get away with murder 
 I'm Michael J. he's like my cock from the day 
 We keep the mark from the tapes 
 In a safe, locked them away 
 Better watch what you say 
 Just when you thought you were safe 
 Them fuckers got you on tape 
 You swear to God you was playin 
 Whether or not you was little Joshua 
 Gosh I wish I coulda told you to not do the same 
 'Cause one day it could cost you your name 
 And this was supposed to be my first single 
 But I just fucked that up so 
 Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
 Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
 This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
 That you hear on your radio 
 But shit's about to hit the shingle 
 Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
 Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Poo Poo Ca Ca 
 Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills 
 And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked 
 chicka chicka chicka .. 
 And then just turned 16 and used a fake id 
 To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly 
 Hehehehehe 
 To be so young and naive 
 Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free 
 Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish 
 Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks 
 Hickory Dickory derr digga 
 Look at me work wizardry with these words 
 Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken 
 Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain 
 22 jerks and a jerk circle 
 Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute 
 What am I sayin, allow me to run it back and rewind it 
 rrrbb lemme ask you again 
 Am I just jerkin the chain 
 Am I bizerk or insane 
 Or am I just one of them damn amateurs 
 Workin the damn camera filmin one of them 
 Paris Hilton home made pornos 
 Who keeps tiltin the lens at an angle 
 Chicka Chicka 
 Just recently somebody just discovered 
 Britney and Justin videotapes of them fuckin 
 When they were just mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse club 
 And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them 
 'Cause they coulda sworn someone said Nuh- 
 And then tried to erase and record over it 
 But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the 
 Uh Uh and then the come-to-find-out-it-was-Justin 
 Sayin "i'm gonna come" and this was 
 And this was supposed to be my first single 
 But I just fucked that up so 
 Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
 Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
 This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
 That you hear on your radio 
 But shit's about to hit the shingle 
 Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
 Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Poo Poo Ca Ca 
 Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest 
 And address it about my lyrics, I'd love to hear it 
 All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number 
 It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick 
 And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me 
 Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key 
 And I'll be sure to get back 
 As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre 
 Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!) 
 So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken 
 Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock bawka-bi-kaw 
 Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick 
 And stick a dick in your mouth 
 I'm done you can fuck off, fucka-fucka-fuck off 
 And this was supposed to be my first single 
 But I just fucked that up so 
 Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
 Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
 This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
 That you hear on your radio 
 But shit's about to hit the shingle 
 Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
 Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Oh Ah 
 erra Poo Poo Ca Ca
 Spoken 
 : 
 Yeah. 
 Definitely, definitely, definitely dope. 
 Definitely, definitely K-Mart. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 Eminem & 
 Dr. Dre 
 : 
 You find me offensive, I find you offensive for finding me offensive 
 Hence if I should draw out a line any fences, if so to what extents if 
 Any should I go, 'cause it's gettin' expensive 
 Being on the other side of the court room, on the defensive 
 They say I cause extensive, psychological nerve damage to the brain 
 When I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses 
 I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive 
 It's censorship and it's downright blasphemous 
 Let's end this shit now, 'cause I won't stand for this 
 And 
 Christopher Reeves 
 won't sit for this neither 
 And let's clear this up too, I ain't got no beef with him either 
 He used to be like a hero to me, I even believe I 
 Had one of those twenty-five cent stickers on my refrigerator 
 Right next to 
 Darth Vader 
 and Darth must have put a hex on him for later 
 I feel like it's my fault, 'cause of the way that 
 I stuck him off in between him and 
 Lex Luther 
 I killed Superman I killed Super-man and how ironic 
 That I'd be the bad guy 
 kryptonite 
 , the green chronic 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs or no brain 
 Nice to meet you, hi my name is, I forgot my name 
 My aim was not to become, what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil, my new name is, Rain Man 
 Now in the bible it says, thou shall not watch two lesbians in bed 
 Have homosexual sex unless of course you were given the consent to join in 
 Then of course it's intercourse and it's bisexual sex 
 Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions 
 Either before during or after, performing the act of that which 
 Is normally referred to as such, more commonly known phrases 
 That are more used by today kids, in a more derogatory way 
 But who's to say, what's fair to say and what not to say, let's ask Dr. Dre 
 Dr. Dre ( 
 What up? 
 ), I got a question if I may ( 
 Yeah 
 ) 
 Is it gay, to play putt putt golf with a friend ( 
 Yeah 
 ) 
 And watch his butt butt when he tees off ( 
 Yeah 
 ) 
 But but, I ain't done yet 
 In football a quarterback yells out hut hut, while he reaches in another grown man's ass 
 Grabs on his nuts, but just what if, it was never meant, it was just an accident 
 But he tripped fell slipped, and his penis went in, his teeny-tiny little round hiney 
 And he didn't mean it but his little weenie flinched, just a little bit 
 And I don't need to go into any more details but 
 What if he pictured it as a female's butt 
 Is that gay, I just need to clear things up 
 Till then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs, or no brain 
 Nice to meet you, hi my name is, I forgot my name 
 My aim was not to become, what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil, my new name is, Rain Man 
 You find me offensive, I find you offensive 
 Shit, this is the same verse, I just did this 
 When am I gonna come to my good senses 
 Probably the day 
 Bush 
 comes to my defenses 
 My spider sense is tellin' me 
 Spider-Man 
 is nearby 
 And my plan is to get him next, and open up a whoop ass canister 
 Goddammit Dre, where's the goddamn beat ( 
 Yeah 
 ), anyway 
 Anyway, I don't know how else to put it 
 This is the only thing that I'm good at 
 I am the bad guy kryptonite, the green chronic 
 Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it 
 I got it, high-fived 
 Nick Lachey 
 Stuck a pin in 
 Jessica's 
 head, and walked away 
 And as she flew around the room like a balloon I 
 Grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can, and zoom I 
 Headed straight back to the 
 Neverland Ranch 
 With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich 
 And I ain't even gotta make no goddamn sense 
 I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs, or no brain 
 Nice to meet you, hi my name is, I forgot my name 
 My aim was not to become, what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil, my new name is, Rain Man 
 'Cause I-ahh ahh-ahh-ahh 
 Spoken 
 : 
 Yo, Rain Man. 
 Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre, super-dope beat maker, two thousand and... 
 Two thousand, four hundred and eighty seven million, nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three... 
 And seventy. ( 
 Yeah 
 )
 I don't understand 
 Why are you being so mean? 
 You're a mean, mean man 
 You're just jealous of me 
 'Cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it 
 You walk around and say 
 All kinds of really mean things 
 About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you want to be 
 So you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things 
 'Cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
 Alright, listen, I need you to focus 
 I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important 
 We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts 
 I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment 
 Now, I need you to open your mind; your eyes, close them 
 You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis 
 For the next four and a half minutes 
 We are going to explore into your mind 
 To find out why you're so fucking jealous 
 Now, why did they make Yoo-hoo? Hippity ga-ga boo-boo 
 Psych, I'm kidding, I just wanted to see if you're still listenin' 
 Okay, now I need your undivided attention 
 Sir, I have a question 
 Why do I always sense this undeniable tension? 
 From the moment that I enter into the room 
 It gets all quiet and whispers 
 Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned? 
 I've been dying to ask; it's been itchin' at me 
 Is it just because 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it 
 You walk around and say all kinds of really mean things 
 About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you want to be 
 So you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things 
 'Cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
 Alright, now I, I just flubbed a line 
 I was going to say something extremely important 
 But I forgot who or what it was; I fucked up 
 Psych, I'm kidding again, you idiot; no, I didn't 
 That's just what you wanted to hear from me 
 Is that I fucked up, ain't it? 
 But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper 
 It doesn't take a bunch of takes 
 Or me to stand here in this booth all day 
 For me to say the truth, okay? 
 You're droolin', you have tooth decay 
 Your mouth is open, you're disgusting 
 What the fuck d'you eat for lunch 
 A bunch of sweets or something, what? 
 You munch a bunch of Crunch 'n Munch? 
 Your tooth is rotten to the gum 
 Your breath stinks; wanna chew some gum? 
 "Yes I do, sir; what am I on?" 
 You, sir, are on truth serum 
 "Marshall, I'm so jealous of you" 
 "Please say you won't tell nobody" 
 "I'd be so embarrassed; I'm just absolutely terrified" 
 "That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying" 
 "All these terrible, evil, and awful mean things" 
 "It's my own insecurity" 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it 
 You walk around and say all kinds of really mean things 
 About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you want to be 
 So you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things 
 'Cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
 Alright, now we, we're going to conduct 
 That experiment that we were talking about earlier 
 Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy 
 'Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like; want to check to see? 
 Here's a mirror; notice the resemblance here? 
 Wait, let me put these sunglasses on 
 Now look in this mirror; how about now? 
 What do you have in common? 
 You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em 
 You look like I sound like, singing about weenies 
 Now take my weenie out of your mouth 
 This is between me and you; I know you're not happy 
 I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying 
 Curled up in a ball, tweaked out of my mind, dying 
 There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is 
 Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges 
 Why're you even doing this to yourself? It's pointless 
 Why do we have to keep on going through this? This is tortuous 
 My point is this: 
 That if you say mean things, your weenie will shrink 
 Now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just a... 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it 
 You walk around and say all kinds of really mean things 
 About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you want to be 
 So you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things 
 'Cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
 Get the fuck off my dick
 Aye yo Paul, it's Em 
 I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing 
 And I know that he's not thrilled about the video 
 What does he wanna be startin' somethin'? 
 Well I'll show him who's really bad 
 Paul, the way you make me feel with these calls 
 You should really take a look at the man in the mirror and tell him to beat it because I won't stop till I get enough 
 Do you remember the time we were watching the Billy Jean video? 
 Well he'll always be that Michael to me, and it doesn't matter if he's black or white 
 Because I can't stop loving him 
 And I hate plastic surgeons, and I hope they all fucking die 
 How do you like that? 
 And I like him, I like him a lot 
 I want to touch him, but I can't 
 Excuse me, I'm taking a shit, sorry 
 Anyways, call me back, I have this idea about how I want to end the show 
 So, hit me when you get this message, fucker 
 Oh, and by the way, no I don't have a new gun ( 
 Goddamn it 
 )
 Okay! 
 Guess who's back ( 
 back, back 
 ) 
 Back again ( 
 'gain, 'gain 
 ) 
 Shady's back ( 
 back, back 
 ) 
 Tell a friend ( 
 friend, friend 
 ) 
 Now everyone report to the dance floor 
 To the dance floor, to the dance floor 
 Now everyone report to the dance floor 
 Alright stop - pajama time 
 Come here little kiddies, on my lap 
 Guess who's back with a brand new rap 
 And I don't mean wrap as in a new case 
 Of child molestation accusation 
 Aah aah aah aah aah 
 No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys 
 What else could I possibly do to make noise 
 Having touched on everything but little boys 
 An' that's not a stab at 
 Michael 
 That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho 
 I go a little bit crazy sometimes 
 I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes 
 Good god, dip, do a little slide 
 Bend down, touch your toes and just glide 
 Up the center of the dance floor 
 Like tee pee for my bunghole and it's cool if you let one go 
 Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it 
 Give a little poot poot, it's okay (* 
 fart 
 *) 
 Oops my CD just skipped 
 And everyone just heard you let one rip 
 Now I'm gonna make you dance 
 Get your chance, yeah boy shake that ass 
 Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
 Girl, you know you're my world 
 Alright now lose it 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Just lose it 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Go crazy 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Oh baby 
 (aah aah) 
 Oh baby 
 (aah aah) 
 It's Friday and it's my day 
 Used to party all the way to Sunday 
 Maybe till Monday, I dunno what day 
 Every day's just a holiday 
 Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy 
 Got the top down, let my hair blow 
 I dunno where I'm goin', all I know 
 Is when I get there someone's gonna touch my body 
 'Scuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk 
 But I'm feel just a little stressed out from work 
 Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair 
 Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out...there 
 What's your name girl, what's your sign 
 Dr. Dre 
 : Man, you must be up out your mind 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Dre 
 , aah aah, beer goggles, blind 
 I'm just trying to unwind now I'm 
 Now I'm gonna make you dance 
 Get your chance 
 Yeah boy shake that ass, 
 Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
 Girl, you know you're my world 
 Alright now lose it 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Just lose it 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Go crazy 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Oh baby 
 (aah aah) 
 Oh baby 
 (aah aah) 
 It's Tuesday and I'm locked up 
 I'm in jail and I don't know what happened 
 They say I was running butt naked 
 Down the street screaming 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Well I'm sorry, I don't remember 
 All I know is this much 
 I'm not guilty 
 They said save it 
 Boy we got you on tape 
 Yelling at an old lady, 
 "Touch my body." 
 Now this is the part where the rap breaks down 
 It gets real intense no one makes a sound 
 Everything looks like it's 
 8 Mile 
 now 
 The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves 
 A step back to reality 
 Look it's B. Rabbit 
 You signed me up to battle 
 I'm a grown man 
 Tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba 
 I don't have any lines to go right here so 
 Tubba Teletubbie 
 Fellas (What?) fellas (What?) 
 Grab your left nut, make the right one jealous (What?) 
 Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls 
 Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls 
 Everyone report to the dance floor 
 It's your chance for a little romance or 
 Butt squeezin', it's the season 
 Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasing 
 Now I'm gonna make you dance 
 Get your chance 
 Yeah boy shake that ass, 
 Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
 Girl, you know you're my world 
 Alright now lose it 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Just lose it 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Go crazy 
 (aah aah aah aah aah) 
 Oh baby 
 (aah aah) 
 Oh baby 
 (aah aah) 
 Mmmmm touch my body 
 Mmmmm touch my body 
 Ooh boy just touch my body 
 I mean girl just touch my body
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing doing doing 
 I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing doing doing 
 The way she moves she's like a belly dancer 
 She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams, I 
 Think someone's at the door, but I don't think I'm gon' answer 
 Police saying, 
 "Freeze!" 
 , d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean 
 "freeze" 
 ? 
 Please, I'm a human being, I have needs 
 I'm not done, not till I'm finished peeing 
 I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing 
 Mr. Officer, I'm already on my knees 
 I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me 
 And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee 
 Pee, pee, yes I make R&B 
 I sing song it go, 
 "ring-e-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching" 
 Psych, I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid 
 If I offend I'm sorry, please please forgive 
 For I am Triumph the puppet dog, I am a mere puppet 
 I can get away with anything I say and you will love it 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 Jessica Simpson looks oh so temptin' 
 Nick, I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 Every time I see that show on MTV my pee-pee goes 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome 
 Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums 
 I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn 
 Police saying, 
 "Freeze!" 
 , d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean 
 "freeze" 
 , geez, I just got my seat? 
 I have ticket look, I put away my zipper-zip 
 Please do not remove me from this movie theater please 
 I did not even get to see Mary-Kate's shower scene 
 I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene 
 And don't treat me like I'm Pee-wee Herman, this movie's PG 
 Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney 
 I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free 
 Free, yes, free, right back on the streets 
 What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy 
 I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man 
 And I can say that and you'll laugh, 'cause there's a puppet on my hand 
 (Ha, ha, ha) 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so 
 I ain't never seen a butt like that 
 Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 The way she moves she dances like a go-go 
 In that video she sings get out your poles, so 
 I need a new boyfriend, hi my name is JoJo 
 Police saying, 
 "Freeze!" 
 , d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean 
 "freeze" 
 , my computers would be seized? 
 And my keys to my ranch, I just baked cookies 
 Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of these 
 Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this 
 Nobody is safe from me, no not even me 
 I don't even know if I can say the word pee-pee, pee 
 On the radio, but I think I did 
 Janet, is that a breast, I think I just saw a tit? 
 Psych, I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid 
 I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick 
 Get to the chopper, everybody get out 
 I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing doing doing 
 So Gwen Stefani, will you pee-pee on me please? 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 'Cause the way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 Dr. Dre: 
 Fuck is wrong with you? 
 (Ha)
 Eminem 
 If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say 
 For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way 
 I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' on square one 
 Tryna pick myself up where I started from 
 Obie Trice 
 I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control 
 Even though my penis was deep down in your hole 
 You should know between us we was like mates to soul 
 Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes 
 You was more or so the chalant type, I chose 
 To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose 
 That's how it go, with time spent, emotion grows 
 In the beginning, friends we decided to roll 
 So who's responsible when you get excited, explode 
 And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold 
 But bitches the gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate 
 We established this way before we became mates 
 So whats required is that you chill with all that fire 
 Get your desire when I retire 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
 Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 Eminem 
 I used to say I never met a girl like you before 
 Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are 
 Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters 
 Till you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers 
 Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for 
 Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore 
 You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours 
 All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls 
 If you recall I used to treat you like a groupie broad 
 When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off 
 But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off 
 It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on 
 You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue 
 And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me 
 And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly 
 Cupid could shoot another one of them goddamn darts at me 
 It's true that I got shot in the heart 
 But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are 
 But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see 
 Till you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach 
 Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat 
 Before you make a decision that's life altering 
 And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave 
 You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
 Lord knows I was right, 'cause you just crossed the line 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 Stat Quo 
 Yeah right, bitch. Spend some time on my dick. 
 In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch 
 My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch 
 But you was different, thought we shared a covenant 
 Even held your hand in public 
 We sufferin' because of this 
 Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit 
 Tryna play sick thinkin' i'mma trick off rick 
 I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit 
 Feed you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss 
 We started off closer than close 
 But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth 
 And the final result, back in that same boat 
 I ask myself, do I love these hoes? NO! 
 50 Cent 
 Em introduced us, "50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50" 
 Then slid off and left her to kick it with me 
 I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips 
 With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick 
 We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast 
 Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass 
 Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline 
 Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind 
 She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too 
 Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move? 
 Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice 
 Yeah, yeah, now how many times have I heard that shit? 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
 Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
 Spoken 
 Yeah, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now 
 But hey, what daddy always tell you? 
 Straighten up little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip 
 What you crying about? 
 You got me. 
 Hailie, I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad 
 When I'm gone, but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had 
 I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh 
 I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 
 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers 
 No more crying, wipe them tears, daddy's here, no more nightmares 
 We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it 
 Laney uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it 
 We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls 
 When it whirls, when it twirls two little beautiful girls 
 Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you 
 Daddy's always on the move, mama's always on the news 
 I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems 
 The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me 
 All the things growing up his daddy, that he had to see 
 Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did 
 We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me 
 But things have gotten so bad between us I don't see us ever being together 
 Ever again like we used to be when we was teenagers 
 But then of course everything always happens for a reason 
 I guess it was never meant to be 
 But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is 
 But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep 
 Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream 
 Now hush little baby, don't you cry 
 Everything's gonna be alright 
 Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya 
 Daddy's here to hold ya through the night 
 I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why 
 We fear how we feel inside 
 It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby 
 But I promise mama's gon' be alright 
 It's funny, I remember back one year, when daddy had no money 
 Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up, and stuck 'em under the tree 
 And said some of 'em were from me, 'cause daddy couldn't buy 'em 
 I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 
 'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job 
 But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom 
 And at the time every house that we lived in either kept getting broke into and robbed 
 Or shot up on the block and your mom 
 Was saving money for you in a jar 
 Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college 
 Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it 
 And I know it hurt so bad, it broke your mama's heart 
 And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart 
 Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so mama moved back 
 On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment 
 And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara 
 And that's when daddy went to California with his CD 
 And met Dr. Dre and flew you and mama out to see me 
 But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me 
 Then you started seeing daddy on the TV 
 And mama didn't like it and you and Laney were to young to understand it 
 Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit 
 And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it 
 I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 
 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud 
 Now I'm sittin' in this empty house 
 Just reminiscing lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out 
 To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now 
 Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here 
 Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here 
 I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it? 
 Shh, mama's only gone for the moment 
 Now hush little baby, don't you cry 
 Everything's gonna be alright 
 Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya 
 Daddy's here to hold ya through the night 
 I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why 
 We fear how we feel inside 
 It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby 
 But I promise mama's gon' be alright 
 And if you ask me too, daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird 
 I'mma give you the world 
 I'mma buy a diamond ring for you, I'mma sing for you 
 I'll do anything for you to see you smile 
 And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine 
 I'mma break that birdies' neck 
 I'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya 
 And make him eat every karat, don't fuck with dad 
 (ha ha)
 I tell myself that I was doin' all right 
 There's nothin' left to do tonight 
 But go crazy on you 
 Crazy on you 
 Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh 
 Can't you see what you do to me, baby 
 You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac 
 I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick 
 You're truly the only one who can do this to me 
 You just make me get so crazy 
 I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic 
 One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex 
 You make me crazy, the way we act like two maniacs in the sack 
 We fuck like two jackrabbits and maybe that's a bad habit 
 'Cause the next day we right back at it 
 In the same exact pattern 
 What the fuck is the matter with us 
 We can't figure out if it's lust 
 Or if it's love which that is attractin' us to each other 
 They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother 
 Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin' bitch 
 But I stay and still stick it out with you 
 Even though I just hit you today 
 But you deserved it, you hit me first 
 And provoked me to choke you 
 Just 'cause I came home late last night 
 Crawled in bed and I woke you 
 But if there's one thing about you that I admire, it's baby 
 Because you stay with me, maybe 'cause you're as crazy as I am 
 'Cause when I look at you, I can see an angel in your eyes 
 But if I look deeper inside, I see a freakish little side 
 Like a devil in disguise 
 You're always full of surprises 
 Always pullin' devices out your, personal vibrators 
 And dildos, you've fucked yourself so much 
 You barely feel those anymore, you're only 24 
 But you're plenty more mature 
 Then those other little ho's 
 Who just act like little girls 
 Like they're in middle school still you're crazy, sexy, cool 
 Chillin' you play your position you never step out of line 
 Even though I stay in your business 
 You've always kept out of mine 
 I wonder what's on your mind 
 Sometimes they say love is blind 
 Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye 
 You ain't see the sign 
 Or maybe you did maybe you like me in charge 
 Baby, 'cause we're crazy in love 
 I go crazy on you 
 Crazy on you 
 Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh 
 You are the ink to my paper 
 What my pen is to my my pad 
 The moral, the very fiber 
 The whole substance to my rap 
 You are my reason for being 
 The meaning of my existance 
 If it wasn't for you 
 I would never be able to spit this 
 As intense as I do, and the irony 
 Is you rely on me as much 
 As I rely on you to inspire me like you do 
 You provide me the lighter fluid to fuel in my fire 
 You're my entire supply of gas, the match and igniter 
 The only way that I'm able to stay so stable 
 Is you're the legs to my table 
 If you were to break I'd fall on my face 
 But I'm always gonna make you feel 
 I don't need you as much as I really need you 
 So you don't use it to your advantage 
 But you're essential to me 
 You're the air I breathe 
 I believe if you ever leave me 
 I'd probably have no reason to be 
 You are the Kim to my Marshall 
 You're the Slim to my Shady 
 The Dre to my Eminem 
 The Alaina to my Hailie 
 You are the word that I'm lookin' for 
 When I'm tryin' to describe how I feel inside 
 And the right one just won't come to my mind 
 You're like the pillow that props me up 
 The beam that supports me 
 The bitch who never took half 
 The wife who never divorced me 
 You're like the root to my evil 
 You let my devil come out me 
 You let me beat the shit out you 
 Before you beat the shit out me 
 And no matter how much too much is never enough 
 Baby, 'cause we're crazy in love 
 I go crazy on you 
 Crazy on you 
 Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh
 I told ya'll mother fuckers I was comin' back. 
 (Oh, shit.) 
 What now nigga? What now? 
 (What are you doin'?) 
 What? 
 Proof 
 , the projects, nigga. 
 Eminem: 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off 
 Bizarre: 
 Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club 
 And I'm tryin'a run and get my muthafuckin' gun 
 (Nigga, what about your wife?) 
 Nigga, fuck my wife 
 I'm tryin'a run and save my muthafuckin' life 
 Oh shit, the shooters comin' 
 Bitches hollerin', niggas runnin' 
 People shot all over the floor 
 And I'm tryin'a make it to the Saint Andrews door 
 That's the sound of the Glock 
 Even DJ House fucked around and got shot 
 I done messed around and forget my TEC 
 I don't see nobody, but 
 Fab 5 
 and Hex 
 Kuniva: 
 (Kuniva, you alright?) 
 These niggas is trippin' 
 (Where's 
 Bizzare 
 at?) 
 I'm tryin'a slip thru the exit and get to where my car is at 
 Bitches screamin' everywhere and niggas is wild 
 Two minutes ago, we was all jokin' and smilin' 
 This chick is clingin' on to me sobbin' and sighin' 
 Says she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she cryin' 
 But its real and its on, and cats is gettin' killed 
 So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield 
 And she got hit now she's yellin' "Don't leave me!" 
 I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch belived me 
 I squeezed through the back door and made my escape 
 I ran and got my .38, I hope it's not too late 
 Eminem: 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off 
 Swift (with Kon Artis): 
 (I been tryna call you all day muthafucker, where you at? ) 
 I'm on seven mile... 
 (Gun shots) 
 what the fuck was that? 
 (Gun shots) 
 Damn, somebody hit me from the back 
 (Wit' they car?) 
 Wit' a gat nigga, and my tire's flat 
 An I just hit a pole 
 Them niggas some hoe's 
 (Is you hit?) 
 I dont know, but I can tell you what they rolled with 
 It was a black Mitsubishi 
 (Shit, thats the clique we beefin' wit') 
 Man 
 (I swear!) 
 And I was on my way there 
 Belive me, I'm leavin' a carcass today 
 Now I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way 
 I'm in the mood to strut; my AK ain't even tucked 
 I'ma meet you at the club we gon' fuck these hoes up 
 Eminem: 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off 
 I never seen no shit like this in my life before 
 People are still camped out from the night before 
 Sleepin' outside the door, waitin in lines 
 Still tryin'a get in the club, to see 
 D12 
 perform 
 The fire marshalls know the venue's too small 
 People are wall to wall; three thousand and some odd fans 
 And some cumwad from out the parking lot 
 Gets into an arguement over a parking spot 
 Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off 
 Missed who he's aimin' for, six feet away's the door 
 Into Saint Andrew's Hall; now the strays flyin' all over the place 
 Grazed one bitch in the face 
 Another one of 'em came through the wall 
 Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off 
 I'm posted up at the bar havin' a mazel tov 
 Bullet wizzed right by my ear, damn-near shot it off 
 Thank God I'm alive, I gotta find Denaun 
 And where the fuck is Von he usually tucks one on 'im 
 Wait a minute, I think I just saw Bizarre 
 Naw, I guess not; what the fuck? Oh my god, it was 
 I never saw him run so fast in my life 
 Look at him haulin' ass, I think he left his wife 
 There she is on the ground beein' trampled 
 I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her 
 Goddamn there just went a nother bullet, I'm hit 
 My vest is barely able to handle it; it's too thin 
 If I get hit again, I cant do it, I scooped deep 
 Followed Bizzare's path, and ran through it and 
 Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps 
 Looked up and I seen Swift shootin' it out 
 But I can't see who hes shootin' it out with 
 But Denuan's right behind him squeezin' his fourth-fifth 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off 
 Kon Arits: 
 This is a Friday night, came to this bitch right 
 Big ass in my left and Desert Eagle in my right 
 I ain't come in this bitch to party, I came in this bitch to fight 
 Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm poppin' niggas tonight 
 Thats right bitches, I'm drunk on revenge 
 Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryin'a check when I got in 
 Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that the fuck 
 Shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker 
 So one shot's for the money, two's to stop the show 
 Thirds for the bartender (I just wanna know who's drivin' a black Mitsubishi) 
 He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee wit' a three piece 
 Eminem: 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off
 (50 Cent) 
 Sh-Sh-Sh-Shady 
 Aftermath, ha ha 
 G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, ha ha 
 First we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Scream one last time 
 (Eminem) 
 Get your ass up for the Doctor 
 One more time, get your ass up for the Doctor 
 Come on now, here we go 
 Cliff hanger, it's another club banger 
 Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat 
 Get on down 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Times up, game's over, you lose, I win 
 'Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here 
 Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin 
 Look who's got you goin' crazy again 
 I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in 
 I go out and just come back full circle again 
 You a fad, that means your something that we already had 
 But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad 
 (Eminem) 
 You're off the map now, radar can't even find you 
 We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you 
 You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you 
 We walk around just playin' the violin behind you 
 Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin' 
 Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention 
 Why 10 multi-platinum albums later, three diamond 
 Worldwide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin' 
 First we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Scream one last time 
 (Eminem) 
 When Dr. Dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk 
 Crunk, crunk, crunk 
 And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump 
 Jump, jump, jump, jump 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it 
 I don't gotta promote it for you to know that Doc is off the benches 
 (Eminem) 
 We keep the party rockin' off the hinges 
 We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk 
 Doc is all washed up, knock it off 
 Who the fuck is Doc impressin'? 
 Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression 
 You must be on the cock of Doc, 'cause Doc left you all guessin' 
 So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what) 
 We gon' have this motherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump) 
 That's why we always save the best cut last 
 To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass 
 (Eminem) 
 'Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators 
 Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers 
 Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap 
 Maybe raised to be racist 
 Who may have never got to see our faces 
 Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages 
 Broke down barriers of language and races 
 Just call on the cape crusaders 
 And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic 
 And we can play the back and forth all day 
 Like the hot potato game, that's why we came to 
 First we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Scream one last time 
 (Eminem) 
 50 Cent, come on! 
 (50 Cent) 
 Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do 
 We make the club jump everywhere we go 
 It's no secret, everybody know 
 When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 And plenty honeys involved, the sunny Sundays and palm trees 
 Cali, every day it's just another party from the valleys 
 All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally 
 (Eminem) 
 Hands up for the grand finale 
 Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak 
 Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to 
 Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker 
 (Eminem) 
 So nervous, ain't never 'cause Shady Aftermath together 
 Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady) 
 No one could do it better 
 We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh 
 First we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cuz I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Scream one last time 
 (Eminem) 
 Yeah, ha ha 
 Still Aftermath, 2006 
 And don't worry about that 
 Detox 
 album 
 It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, ha ha 
 50 Cent, G-Unit, Obie Trice, D-Twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre 
 We ain't leavin', let's go! Ha ha 
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace! 
 ...Oh shit, I almost forgot, you're comin' with me! *gunshots* 
 Ha ha, bye bye! 
 *final gunshot* 
 See you in hell, fuckers!
 *Glass smashing* 
 *Dog's barking* 
 There's an intruder, in my house 
 He cut my phone-line, can't dial out 
 I scream for police, but I doubt 
 They're gonna hear me when I shout 
 A couple o' cocktails, will send me to jail 
 There's a couple of cops, hot on my trail 
 But this time when I get pulled over, there's a Doberman Pincher 
 And a Pit Bull in the seat, these pigs'll get bit, foolin' with me 
 Quit foolin' with me, bitch you're gonna see 
 No pistol in the seat, why it always gotta be 
 An issue when you're me and which you're gonna see 
 In the long run, I'mma be the wrong one 
 You wanna harass, with this limo-tinted glass 
 Flashin' that flashlight on my ass 
 Where was you at, last night when them assholes 
 Ran up on my grass, rapper slash actor 
 Kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass 
 They took away my right to bare arms 
 What I'm 'posed to fight wit' bare palms 
 Yeah right, they comin' with bombs 
 I'm comin' with flare guns, we as Americans 
 We as a Americans, us as a citizen 
 Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 We better check ourselves, livin' up in these streets 
 Through worse and through better health, surviving by any means 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We as Samaritans, what do we get us in 
 We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live, this is America and we are Americans 
 I make bookoo bucks, wear bookoo vests 
 Drama hangin' over my head, like a voodoo hex 
 I could've been next, to fly over the cuckoo's nest 
 But you know who, with an "S" tattooed to my chest 
 But I've finessed it, now I got the industry pissy 
 Ever since me and Dre split it 50/50 on 
 50 
 , it's funny 
 We got a buzz spreadin' quicker than making paper airplanes out of a 20 
 Fuck money, I don't rap for dead presidents 
 I'd rather see the president dead, it's never been said, but I said precedents 
 In the standards, and they can't stand it 
 My name should've been bastard 
 The shit should've been plastered 
 On my forehead with a stamp 
 I should've been blasted 
 I should've been had a cap put in my ass 
 But I'm too swift and fast for that, one bastard 
 I'm too old to go an' cruise Gratiot, fuck that shit 
 I done seen how fast this rap shit 
 Can turn into some pap-pap shit, that quick, snap click 
 But this time they got the fuckin Au-to-ma-tic 
 Ain't no one Gon' test this Mon', clack click 
 We as a Americans, us as a citizen 
 Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 We better check ourselves, livin' up in these streets 
 Through worse and through better health, surviving by any means 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We as Samaritans, what do we get us in 
 We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live, this is America, and we are Americans 
 Shh, I got a secret, if you can keep it between us 
 I tuck 2 Nina's under my jeans, either side of my penis 
 Under my Long Johns, under my Sean Johns 
 When runnin' with the long arm or the long long gone 
 I'mma do five years no less than that, o questions asked 
 So it might be a good idea that I stop right here 
 And quit while I'm ahead, already in the red 
 Already got a steady infrared meant for my head 
 A target on my back, bigger problems than that 
 Bin Laden on my ass, he probably gon' send a task 
 I ain't gone even ask, they ain't gon' let me pack 
 They ain't gon' gimme my semi but I got my weed back 
 We as a Americans, us as a citizen 
 Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 We better check ourselves, livin' up in these streets 
 Through worse and through better health, surviving by any means 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We as Samaritans, what do we get us in 
 We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live, this is America, and we are Americans
 Once you call my name out things will never be the same 
 They should have never let us get off foot in this game 
 Ever since I was introduced to rap music 
 I been missin a screw like Bishop and Juice 
 I could lose it at any moment 
 Those who know me know it 
 So they probaly told you go with the flow 
 Just so that I don't explode 
 And have another episode where I let it go as far as 
 The one with Benzino did 
 I'm waitin for that next beef 
 I'm cocked, locked and loaded 
 I'm ready to go so bad I'm goin bananas 
 My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it 
 To fuckin' pole vault with 
 Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated 
 Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it 
 Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game 
 Cause they know that they don't spit the same 
 It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame 
 Everyday it's the same thing 
 People in this game try to buddy buddy us 
 Just to get close enough to study us 
 Everybody just wants to have somethin to do with that 
 They all tryin' to get that stamp 
 They after that Shady/Aftermath money 
 It's like a monopoly 
 They probaly just now finally understand how to rob fully 
 50 Cent was like a fuckin' jackpot for me 
 And Dre, it's like we hit the fuckin lottery 
 And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other 
 Why the fuck you think we rhyme like we brothers 
 When we rhyme with each other 
 In time we discovered that we had more in common 
 Then we thought with each other 
 Both robbed of our mothers 
 Our fathers ain't want us 
 What was wrong with us, was it our fault 
 Cause we started thinkin God doesn't love us 
 Two hard motheruckers who just happened to meet at the right time 
 What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens 
 I still remember the call up in chunking cause 
 Big L had just got popped just a month before 
 If 50 lives he's gettin dropped from Columbia 
 Two years later me and Doc had to come and operate 
 That's when he popped up a number one 
 And we ain't never gonna stop if you wonderin 
 Even if I'm under the gun 
 You ain't gotta agree all the time with me 
 Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I 
 But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit 
 Still gonna conduct motherfuckin buisness as usual 
 Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all 
 Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's 
 Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them 
 Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats 
 Stompin, I been rompin since Tim Dogg was hollerin 
 'Fuck Compton' 
 I was whilin', freestylin' 
 Back when they was still makin Maxell cassettes 
 I wasn't even raps Elvis yet 
 That tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit 
 Ricky-Ticky-Toc-Ticky-Ticky-Toc 
 Still with the Diggy-Diggy-Doc-Diggy-Diggy-Doc 
 And you don't stop
 I got a riddle, 
 What's little and talks big, 
 With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle, 
 That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name, 
 If it means walking the whole Mediterranean, 
 Is it an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian, 
 No, his name's Raymond and oh, 
 Oh sorry, yo, so sorry, whoa 
 But that was a long time ago, 
 When I was just Joe Schmo, 
 Rapping in Joe Blow's basement, 
 I apologized for it before so, 
 Either accept it or you don't, 
 And let's move on, 
 If I ain't shown that I've grown you get the bone,* 
 Keep lickin' these nuts you industry mutts, 
 Keep walking around sniffing each other's butts, 
 Or should I say asses, 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses, 
 The question I ask is how can I explain this, 
 How can I swing this in English language, 
 If I switched to slang and turned man to mane, 
 Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain, 
 Am I being real or am I being fake, 
 Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine, 
 Or am I caught up in this hot water, 
 Word on my daughter, 
 I told you That I love this culture, 
 Don't let 'em insult ya, 
 I'ma tell you once more again 
 This is the environment I was brought up in, 
 But every now and then, 
 I use my pen to get rid of some frustration, 
 Or should I say "shun", 
 Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism,* 
 Your face is numb, you're stunned, 
 Your look is cold like that of a man of 70 some years old,* 
 And it only gets colder, 
 Which is why I understand, 
 You can't be mad at a 44 year old fan with a chip on his shoulder, 
 Who only owns a half of a magazine, 
 And the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again, 
 Only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown,* 
 Papa can't stand me, 
 Papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down, 
 In his new chair that goes round and round, 
 That he bought from the money in his bank account, 
 That I get him every issue when the thing comes out, 
 Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out, 
 And let his black side arm wrestle his white side, 
 Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide, 
 He might find someone dumb enough who might ride,* 
 But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys, 
 Disguised as pro-black, 
 There is no slack for a Harvard college great in a fitted hat, 
 And a hunchback standin by the clearance coat rack, 
 In some old slacks and some RSO throwbacks, yeah* 
 Shady in the place to bc, 
 And it takes what I got to rock the mike, right* 
 Still not gonna cater these punks, 
 Fuckin' cock-suckin, pussy-lips, hated, dicks, cunts.*
 (Footsteps and a belch are heard) 
 Whoooo! 
 Hey, how you guys doin'. 
 You want more? 
 All right, then SHUT UP! 
 Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo) 
 Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo) 
 Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo) 
 Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop 
 Girl (girl, girl, girl) 
 Your My World (world, world world) 
 Your My Girl (girl, girl girl) 
 You're my world, world world. 
 Here's a song for da ladies.
 Ah, Ah, Aahaaah (oh god damn!) 
 I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
 Faack fack faaaaaaack (fuck I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 
 (Oh yeah god) I never seen no shit like this, 
 This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist 
 Condom on my dick of course it is, 
 This bitch don't know what abortion is 
 So I can't cum in her, 
 Fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna, 
 Fuck I'm gonna, cum 
 I think my rubbers comin' off, 
 But oh it's so fucking wet and soft, 
 Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off 
 I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off, 
 And she's on top 
 I'm gonna fucking, oh god, 
 Oh don't do that don't, stop, 
 Stop don't, I don't mean don't stop, 
 Ow wait a minute 
 Oh oh fack I... I'm gonna fuckin' cum! *squirt squirt squirt* 
 Ah Ah Ahhah (oh god damn!) 
 I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
 Fack fack faaaack (fack I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm coming!) 
 Ooh wow, boom that pow ooh ow I need a cigarette now! 
 Ow I'm so fucking hot, 
 And you're so fucking hot, 
 Oh my god, 
 I wanna fackin' fack 
 No not fuck, I said fack, 
 F-a-c-k, f-a-c-k, fack, fack fack fackin' freak me! 
 Oh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr. Freaky, 
 Let's call your sister, three-way have some three-some, me so horny! 
 And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you, fack you shave! 
 Oh god damn here I go again, I'm gonna cum I am 
 Ah Ah Ahhhah (oh god damn!) 
 I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
 Fack fack faaaaack (fack I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to come (I'm coming!) 
 *Someone mumbling* 
 Ok I'm done, 
 I already came twice, 
 You ain't gonna make me cum, 
 I'm all outta gas, 
 Not so fast! Uh your finger just went in my ass! 
 Ow that hurts! Take it out now 
 Oh wait a minute no put it back in, in in in 
 This don't mean I'm gay I don't like men 
 I like boobs, boobs, boobs 
 Now see that gerbil, grab that tube, 
 Shove it up my butt, 
 Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uh, yeah, right there, right there, 
 Ah I'm coming ah yeah, 
 Fack, I just came again, okay pull it out now, 
 Oh fuck yeah, wait he's not out he's still crawling around up there, 
 Ow fack I think it's stuck 
 Ow but it feels so fucking good! 
 Ah Ah Aaahhaah (oh god damn!) 
 I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!) 
 Fack fack faaaaaaaaack (fack I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm coming!) 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
 Ew ew ew ew
 Eminem 
 Shady, Aftermath 
 There she goes shakin' that ass on the flow 
 Bumpin' and grindin' that pole 
 The way she's grindin' that pole 
 I think I'm losing control 
 Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up 
 Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed 
 Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted 
 Pasted, blasted, puke drink up, get a new drink 
 Hit the bathroom sink, throw up 
 Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine 
 Knowin' still got a few chunks on them shoestrings 
 Showin' I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated 
 I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated 
 And hips and licked them lips and that was it 
 I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit 
 Nate Dogg 
 2 to the 1 from the 1 to the 3 
 I like good pussy and I like good trees 
 Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe 
 And I get more ass than a toilet seat 
 3 to the 1 from the 1 to the 3 
 I met a bad bitch last night in the D 
 Let me tell you how I made her leave with me 
 Conversation and Hennessey 
 I've been to the muthafuckin' mountain top 
 Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em drop 
 If I ain't got a weapon I'm a pick up a rock 
 And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock 
 Get ya ass off the wall with your 2 left feet 
 It's real easy just follow the beat 
 Don't let that fly girl pass you by 
 Look real close 'cause strobe lights lie 
 We about to have a party 
 Turn the music up 
 Let's get it started 
 Go ahead, shake your butt 
 I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
 Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up 
 Some girls they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it 
 I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck 
 I say every day, she be givin' it up 
 Nate Dogg 
 Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Oh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Eminem 
 I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist 
 Open your mouth for about 4 or 5 minutes 
 Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse 
 Swish but don't spit it, swallow, and I'll finish 
 Yeah me and Nate D-O-double G 
 Lookin' for a couple bitches with some double D's 
 Pop a little champagne and a couple E's 
 Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party 
 Nate Dogg 
 Have a party 
 Turn the music up 
 Let's get it started 
 Go ahead, shake your butt 
 I'm lookin' for a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck 
 Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' butt 
 Some girls they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it 
 I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on 
 Knows that she can, but she won't say no 
 Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be 
 Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine? 
 Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine 
 Eminem 
 Now I hope you don't get mad at me 
 But I told Nate you was a freak 
 He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind 
 I told him how you like it from behind 
 ' 
 Nate Dogg 
 Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Oh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 We about to have a party 
 Turn the music up 
 Let's get it started 
 Go ahead, shake your butt 
 I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
 Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up 
 Some girls they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it 
 I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck 
 I say every day she be givin' it up 
 Eminem 
 There she goes, shakin' that ass on the flo' 
 Bumpin' and grindin' that pole 
 The way she's grindin' that pole 
 I think I'm losing control 
 Come on, I ain't leavin' without you, bitch, come on with me 
 And my boy and this boy and this boy and his girl... Nate Dogg
 Yeah 
 It's my life 
 My own words I guess 
 Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? 
 Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for 
 When they know they're your heart 
 And you know you were their armor 
 And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm 'em 
 But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you 
 And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you? 
 What happens when you become the main source of a pain? 
 "Daddy, look what I made.", dad's gotta go catch a plane 
 "Daddy, where's mommy? I can't find mommy, where is she?" 
 I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy 
 Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't gonna write itself 
 I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself 
 Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her 
 And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her 
 That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy 
 Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-bye baby 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing 
 She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing 
 "You're making mommy cry, why? Why is mommy crying?" 
 Baby, daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying, 
 You always say that, you always say this is the last time. 
 But you ain't leaving no more, daddy you're mine." 
 She's pilling boxes in front of the door trying to block it 
 "Daddy please, daddy don't leave, daddy - no stop it!" 
 Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket 
 It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe daddy, take it with ya." 
 I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror 
 These fuckin' walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em 
 They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right," and it's tonight 
 Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late 
 And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door 
 It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on 
 And I'm singing 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 60,000 people, all jumping out their seat 
 The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet 
 I take a bow and thank you all for coming out 
 They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd 
 I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing 
 "Daddy it's me, help mommy, her wrists are bleeding," 
 But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? 
 "I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin' 
 "You lied to me Dad, and now you make mommy sad 
 And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'. 
 That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin. 
 I get the point - fine, me and mommy are gone." 
 But baby wait, "It's too late dad, you made the choice. 
 Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us." 
 That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep screamin' your name 
 It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill 
 Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real 
 I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see 
 How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me 
 I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it 
 Put it to my brain and scream "Die Shady!" and pop it 
 The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes 
 That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin' 
 It's Spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her 
 Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister 
 Almost as if to say 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back
 (Eminem as 'Stan') 
 Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin 
 I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom 
 I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin' 
 Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
 But anyways; eff it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? I'ma name her Bonnie 
 I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry 
 I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him 
 I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan 
 I even got the underground stuff that you did with Skam 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man 
 I like the stuff you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat 
 Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back 
 Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan 
 This is Stan 
 (Chorus: Elton John) 
 My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why 
 I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 Oh I can't see at all! 
 And even if I could it would all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me, that it's not so bad 
 Not so bad... 
 (Eminem as 'Stan') 
 Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance 
 I ain't mad - I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans 
 If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert 
 You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew 
 That's my little brother man, he's only six years old 
 We waited in the blistering cold for you 
 For four hours and you just said, No 
 That's pretty crummy man - you're like his favorite idol 
 He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do 
 I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to 
 Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you 
 You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way 
 I never knew my father neither; 
 He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her 
 I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs 
 So when I have a crummy day, I drift away and put 'em on 
 'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit and helps when I'm depressed 
 I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest 
 Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds 
 It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me 
 See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it 
 My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7 
 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does 
 She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up 
 You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose 
 Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. -- we should be together too 
 (Chorus: Elton John) 
 (Eminem as 'Stan') 
 Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans 
 This'll be the last package I ever send your ass 
 It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it? 
 I know you got my last two letters; 
 I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect 
 So this is my cassette I'm sendin you, I hope you hear it 
 I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway 
 Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
 You know the song by Phil Collins, In the Air of the Night 
 About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin 
 But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him? 
 That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drownin 
 Now it's too late - I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy 
 And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call 
 I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall 
 I loved you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it 
 You ruined it now, I hope you go to sleep and you dream about it 
 And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it 
 I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me 
 See Slim; {*screaming*} Shut up bitch! I'm tryin' to talk! 
 Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk 
 But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you 
 'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, then she'll die too 
 Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now 
 Oh shoot, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this tape out? 
 {*Car tires squeal*} {*CRASH*} 
 ... {*Brief silence*} ... {*LOUD splash*} 
 (Chorus: Elton John) 
 (Eminem) 
 Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy 
 You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
 Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that 
 And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on a Starter cap 
 I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you 
 Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you 
 But what's this stuff you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
 I say that stuff just clownin dawg, c'mon - how messed up is you? 
 You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselin 
 To help your ass from bouncin' off the walls when you get down some 
 And what's this junk about us meant to be together? 
 That type of crap'll make me not want us to meet each other 
 I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
 Or maybe you just need to treat her better 
 I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time 
 Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine 
 If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan 
 Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan 
 I just don't want you to do some crazy bit 
 I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick 
 Some dude was drunk and drove this car over a bridge 
 And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid 
 And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to 
 Come to think about, his name was... it was you 
 Damn!
 "Morning, Marshall." 
 "Morning, doc." 
 "So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?" 
 "Anxious." 
 "Anxiety?" 
 "Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous." 
 "Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now. Sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this. You found a sponsor yet?" 
 "Um, not yet. But I mean, when I get back" 
 "Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't." 
 "Well, yeah, I mean, I gotta start going to meetings first and... Wait, what?" 
 "Well, you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule, we know you're a busy person." 
 "Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing." 
 "So what else are you thinking?" 
 "Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps, and I mean learning them, and start being able to apply them." 
 "The steps?" 
 "Yeah, steps." 
 "There's a lot of them, aren't there? 
 "Well, twelve." 
 "Christ, I don't even know them all." 
 "Really?" 
 "Anything else?" 
 "Um, well, I mean the only other question I have is like, what do I do if I find myself in a situation where maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?" 
 "Take a drink." 
 "What?" 
 "Take a drink and y'know, take the edge off." 
 "Take the edge off?  Man, if I have a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to." 
 "What, you mean these?" *shakes pills* 
 "Now, what the fuck!?" 
 "Marhsall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts, are we?" 
 "Oh, no, no, no, come on, man!" 
 "Marshall, you can't leave me..." 
 "Oh, FUCK YOU, man!" 
 "....you'll never leave me, Marshall." 
 "NO!" 
 "We'll always be together, Marshall." 
 "NO!  NO!!!" 
 "Marshall...? Marshall!?" 
 "NOOOOO!!!!!" 
 [alarm beeping] 
 "Oh, shit..."
 Ohh ohhh 
 Oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) 
 Oh ohhh 
 Ohhh 
 Oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) 
 Oh ohh 
 Oohh 
 Oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) 
 Oh, Ohh 
 There is no escaping (yo)(yooo) 
 There's no place to hide (yooo) (yooo) 
 You scream, "Someone save me." (yo) (yooo) 
 But they don't pay it no mind (yooo) (yooo) 
 (Good night) 
 Good bye 
 You're walking down a horror corridor 
 It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a 
 Nightmare, it's horrible 
 Right there's the coroner 
 Waiting for you to turn the corner so he can corner ya 
 You're a goner, he's onto ya 
 Out the corner of his cornea 
 He just saw you run 
 All you want is to rest 
 'Cause you can't run anymore, you're done 
 All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience 
 While everybody is watching in the party applauding it 
 Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again 
 Contemplating my next plot again 
 Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm noddin' 
 In and out on the ottoman at the Ramada Inn 
 Holding onto the pill bottle then 
 Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom 
 And make sure I got all of it 
 Wake up naked at McDonald's with 
 Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit 
 Guess I must have just blacked out again 
 Not again 
 It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door an' 
 Bodies laying all over the floor an' 
 I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em 
 Killed 'em 
 I said, it's 3 A.M. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door an' 
 Bodies laying all over the floor an' 
 I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em 
 Killed 'em 
 Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon 
 I wonder what's on the tube 
 Maybe they'll show some boobs 
 Surfing every channel 
 Until I find Hannah Montana 
 Then I reach for the aloe and lanolin 
 Bust all over the wall panel and dismantling 
 Every candle on top of the fireplace mantle and 
 Grab my flannel and my bandanna then 
 Kiss the naked mannequin man again 
 You can see him standing in my front window if you look in 
 I'm just a hooligan 
 Who's used to using hallucinogens 
 Causing illusions again 
 Brain contusions again 
 Cutting and bruising the skin 
 Razors, scissors, and pins 
 Jesus when does it end 
 Phases that I go through 
 Dazed and I'm so confused 
 Days that I don't know who 
 Gave these molecules to 
 Me, what am I gon' do 
 Hey, the prodigal son 
 The diabolical one 
 Very methodical when I slaughter 'dem 
 It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door an' 
 Bodies laying all over the floor an' 
 I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em 
 Killed 'em 
 I said, it's 3 A.M. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door an' 
 Bodies laying all over the floor an' 
 I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em 
 Killed 'em 
 She puts the lotion in the bucket 
 It puts the lotion on the skin 
 Or else it gets the hose again 
 She puts the lotion in the bucket 
 It puts the lotion on the skin 
 Or else it gets the hose again 
 I duck and I slash, slice and gash 
 Last night was a blast 
 I can't quite remember when I had that 
 Much fun off a half pint of the Jack 
 My last Vic' and a half 
 A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass 
 I remember the first time I dismembered a family member 
 December I think it was I was having drinks with my cousin 
 I wrapped him in Christmas lights 
 Pushed him into the stinking tub 
 Cut him up into pieces, then just when I went to drink his blood 
 I thought I aught to drink his bath water, that aught to be fun 
 That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun 
 The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son 
 Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none 
 It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run 
 A secret passage way around here, man there's got to be one 
 Oh no there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants 
 Top of his lungs 
 It ain't no stopping me from chopping him up (up) 
 'Cause it's 3 A.M. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door an' 
 Bodies laying all over the floor an' 
 I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em 
 Killed 'em 
 I said, it's 3 A.M. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door an' 
 Bodies laying all over the floor an' 
 I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em 
 Killed 'em 
 Yo 
 (yo) 
 , a-ya 
 (a-yo) 
 Yo 
 (yo) 
 , a-ya 
 (a-yo) 
 Yo 
 (yo) 
 , a-ya 
 (a-yo) 
 Yo 
 (yo) 
 , a-ya 
 (a-yo)
 Yeah 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 OK, aight... aight, aight, aight, aight... 
 Yo, yo 
 Aight, I'mma lay the chorus first 
 Here we go now 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
 My mom my mom, I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom oh-ho whoa-ho 
 But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty 
 And how I became hooked on valiuum 
 Valium was in everything, food that I ate 
 The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate 
 She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak 
 So every day I'd have at least three stomach aches 
 Now tell me, what kinda mother would wanna see her 
 Son grow up to be an under-a-fucking-chiever 
 My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either 
 What the fuck you sticking gum up under the fucking seat for? 
 Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffin' ether 
 Either that or the motherfuckers been puffin' reefer 
 But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either 
 It was neither, I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought 
 Pee in a tea cup? Bitch you ain't my keeper 
 I'm sleepin', what the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for? 
 Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone I ain't playing 
 Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
 Wait a minute, this ain't dinner this is paint thinner 
 "You ate it yesterday I ain't hear no complaints did I? 
 Now here's a plate full of pain killers, now just wait till I 
 Crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes ya' 
 Little motherfucker I'll make ya sit there and make that re- 
 Tarded fucking face without even tastin' it 
 You better lick the fuckin' plate you ain't wastin' it 
 Put your face in it, 'fore I throw you in the basement again 
 And I ain't givin' in, your gonna just sit there in one fuckin' place 
 Finnickin' till next Thanksgivin' and 
 If you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again 
 Then when I make spinach dip it'll be placed in the shit 
 You little shit wanna sit there and play innocent? 
 A rack fell and hit me it K-Mart and they witnessed it 
 Child support your father, he ain't sent the shit 
 And so what if he did, it's none of your dang business kid!" 
 My mom, there's no one else quite like my mom 
 I know I should let bygones be bygones 
 But she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on 
 'Cause 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
 My mom loved Valium 
 Now all I am is a party animal, I am what I am 
 But I'm strong to the finish with my Valium spinach 
 But my buzz only lasts about two minutes 
 But I don't want to swallow it without chewin' it 
 I can't even write a rhyme without doin' it 
 My Valium 
 (my Valium) 
 Man I never thought that I could ever be 
 A drug addict naw, fuck that I can't have it happen to me 
 But that's actually what has ended up happening 
 A tragedy, the fuckin' past ended up catchin' me 
 And that's probably where I got acquainted with the taste ain't it 
 Pharmaceuticals are the bomb ma beautiful 
 She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it 
 Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache 
 "Here want a snack. You hungry you fuckin' brat? 
 Look at that it's a Xanax take it and take a nap 
 Eat it" but I don't need it, "well fuck it then break it up 
 Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up" 
 Alright ma you win, I don't feel like arguin' 
 I'll do it, pop it gobble it and start wobblin' 
 Stumble hobble tumble slip trip then I fall in bed 
 With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobble head 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
 My mom, I'm just like her... 
 My mom, my mom, my mom 
 My mom, my mom, my mom 
 My mom, my mom, my mom 
 My mom... My mama! 
 Me mama... 
 Sorry, mom 
 I still love you, though 
 Dr. Dre, 2010 
 Hey, this shit is hella-hole, homie 
 Yo, take us on outta here 
 Whoo!
 I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah, fucked in the head 
 My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 
 Till one night he snuck in and said: 
 "We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed." 
 Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead? 
 "After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, bust a nut, get some rest." 
 The next day my mother said 
 "I dont know what the fuck's up with this kid! 
 The bastard wont even eat, nothin' he's fed 
 He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead!" 
 "Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset 
 Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck 
 I bet you he's fakin' it, I bet you, I bet 
 He probably just wants to see how upset you would get 
 I'll go handle this, of course, unless you object." 
 "Aw, go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head!" 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed an' up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane! 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed an' up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane! 
 (Did you get 'em?) Nah, fucker tried to bite my face off 
 I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw 
 Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off 
 Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot 
 Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop 
 Took his eye out, picked it up an' played Ping-Pong 
 Then he played Ping-Pong with his own ding dong 
 That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong 
 Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn 
 And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on 
 Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off 
 Everything except his tanktop and his trainin' bra 
 Ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac, that's Shady dog 
 Man, that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog? 
 Shady dog, what be goin' through that fuckin' brain of yours? 
 Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for? Sing along! 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed an' up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane! 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed an' up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane! 
 Don't you know what felch means? (yeah) Well, then tell me 
 Would you rather get felched or do the felching? 
 Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching 
 Burp, belch and go back for a second helping 
 Can you dig what I'm sayin', man? Could you smell me? 
 I want you to feel me like my stepfather felt me 
 Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping 
 (Shady, what the fuck you saying?) I don't know, help me! 
 What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fuckin' melting 
 Marshall, I just love you boy, I care about your well being 
 No, dad! I said no! I don't need no help peeing 
 I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself, see? 
 I only get naked when the babysitter tells me 
 She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street" 
 But it was X and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea" 
 Well, this is called "Ass Rape" and we're shooting the jail scene 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed an' up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane! 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed an' up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane!
 Oh, it's music to my ears 
 Oh, man! 
 How can I describe, the way I feel? 
 Fuckin' great man 
 Ok, let me see, how can I begin? 
 Locked in 
 Mariah 
 's wine cellar all I had for lunch 
 Was bread wine, more bread wine and Captain Crunch 
 Red wine for breakfast and for brunch 
 And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch 
 Mariah whatever happened to us 
 Why did we have to break up, all I asked for was a glass of punch 
 You see I never really asked for much, I can't imagine what's 
 Going through your mind after such 
 A nasty break up with that Latin hunk 
 Luis Miguel 
 , 
 Nick Cannon 
 better back the fuck 
 Up, I'm not playin' I want her back, ya punk 
 This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk 
 Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk 
 Zapp and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, crunk 
 And yeah baby I want another crack at ya 
 You can beat me with any spatula that ya want 
 I mean I really want ya bad, ya cunt 
 Nick you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk 
 Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood 
 So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 When will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 What's going through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 'cause I'm gone, blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag 
 You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture 
 I'm the Miracle Whip trickster, my signature 
 Sound, when a tube of lipstick's around 
 I'm bound to put it on in an instant wow 
 Man, what an ensemble, what an assortment of pharma- 
 ceuticals this beautiful pill dust in my palm my 
 Cuticles get residue just from touchin' the bottle 
 Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama 
 Ill cut ya like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya 
 The size of a sword, boy I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja 
 Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowing ya, Norman 
 You're so fucking annoyin' drop the shovel boy 
 You don't know what the fuck you're doing 
 I ain't playin' no fuckin' more 
 Nick Cannon ya prick I wish ya luck with the fuckin' whore 
 Every minute there's a sucker born 
 Snuck up on Malachi 
 Made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn 
 Shuck of, shuck of corn, shuck of corn 
 Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fucking on 
 Man what the fuck are ya doin'? 
 You're running over the snow blower with the lawn mower 
 Blow on your bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 When will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 What's going through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 'cause I'm gone, blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag 
 In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables 
 I bet you they become heterosexual 
 Nothing will stop me from molestin' you 
 Titty fuckin' you till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles 
 Is what I said to the two conjoined twins 
 How's it going girlfriends? You need a boyfriend? 
 You need some ointment? Just set up an appointment 
 Who's gonna see the doctor first we'll do a coin flip 
 I just got my one year sobriety coin chip 
 When the bad get going, how bad does the going get? 
 Baby you shouldn't have any trouble rubbing groins with 
 Each other especially when your joined at the hip 
 I'm going to get a needle and thread from the sewing kit 
 And attempt to separate 'em and stitch them back at the loin, shit 
 Lure the little boy with the chocolate Chips Ahoy chip 
 Cookie, lookie, even took me a Polaroid flick 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 When will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 What's going through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Somebody turn the vacancy sign on cause I'm gone, blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag of bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Huhulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
 Huhummm diddddly laaaaaaaaaa 
 Huhummm diddddly laaaaaaaaaa 
 Huhummm diddddly laaaaaaaaaa
 Hello 
 (hello) 
 , allow me to introduce myself 
 My name is, Shady, so nice to meet you 
 (so nice to meet you) 
 It's been a long time, I'm sorry I've been away so long 
 (so long) 
 My name is, Shady, I never meant to leave you 
 (never meant to leave you) 
 You see that chick in the gym checkin' me out 
 Any second I'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth 
 I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wreckin' the house 
 That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now? 
 There's the necklace I lost right next to Stephanie's blouse 
 Man I should check to see if my mom left any out 
 Nope, guess I'll re-route maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch 
 Oop jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth 
 Down the hatchet the feelin' you can't match it 
 I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet 
 Ata-ta-tackin' a whore with a damn hatchet 
 A knapsack packed with like 40-some Xanax's 
 Shorty come back, I'm tryin' to score me some lap dances 
 I'm 'bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniels 
 Formula 44D and 40's with mad capsules 
 The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back at ya 
 Girl I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello 
 And are you menstruating baby, my little friend's waiting to say hello 
 The way your titties are wiggling and your booty's shakin' like Jell-O 
 Girl I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello, yeah 
 My equilibrium's off must be the lithium 
 I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em 
 It just becomes everyday extra-curriculum 
 No reason in-particular it was strictly fun 
 A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151 
 Fifty one people asleep in my damn living room 
 Excuse me hon' but what is your name, Vivienne? 
 I woke up next to ya naked and uh did we umm 
 Of course we did, but didn't I strap jimmy hon 
 I'm lookin' for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one 
 No offense baby girl, I don't mean any harm 
 But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from 
 I find the package and I'm cool I immediately run, like Speedy Gon- 
 Zales to see if I see anyone 
 Who might have a couple of Three's I'm fiendin' for some 
 My head is poundin' to the beat of the drum 
 Girl I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello 
 And do you happen to have anything on you that make my mood mellow? 
 Some are oval and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow 
 Girl I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello 
 Oh those are the days they certainly were 
 It's hurtin' me to know that I'll be closin' that curtain for good 
 (Wor-wor-wor-word) I second that and a third 
 Rushed to emergency surg- 
 Ery to try to flush me, because of the drugs that he purchased 
 He's no longer getting them free, hundred bucks for these Percodans 
 Plus it's getting to be, where he'll lustfully search the den 
 Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurtin' him 
 Tirelessly on the phone tryin' to rustle up muscle relaxers 
 For his back and a couple of Paxils 
 Now he's doublin' backwards and he's stumblin' back 
 Slipped and fell hit his back, boom, heard something go crack 
 Now he's up in the bathroom like he's bustin' a nap 
 Almost ended it that soon because of the fact 
 I'm just bustin' my own chops, while I'm bustin' a rap 
 Resuscitated and rejuved, so fuck it I'm back 
 Girl I don't mean, any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello 
 And do you happen to have any thing on you that make my mood mellow? 
 Some are oval and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow 
 Girl I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello 
 Hello 
 (hello) 
 , allow me to introduce myself 
 My name is, Shady, so nice to meet you 
 (so nice to meet you) 
 It's been a long time 
 (long time) 
 , I'm sorry I've been away so long 
 (so long) 
 My name is, Shady, I never meant to leave you 
 (never meant to leave you) 
 It's like staring over 
 Clean slate
 [Tonya] 
 Hey! Hey, stop, hey. Please stop, fuck stop! 
 Thank God you stopped. 
 Fuck, my fucking OnStar isn't working, 
 I left my fucking phone at home! 
 God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour 
 I'm soaking wet, freezing 
 Thank you so much. Really, you're a life-saver, uh 
 What are you doing? 
 Fucking! Get away from me! What the FUCK! Fucking ASSHOLE! 
 GET AWAY FROM ME YOU MOTHERFUCKER! GET AWAY! 
 GET AWAY YOU FUCKIN FREAK! GET AWAY FROM ME! 
 GODDAMIT FUCK! HELP ME!
 Yo 
 Same song and dance 
 Damn girl, everywhere I go 
 Same song and dance 
 I like the way you move, all over the globe 
 Same song and dance 
 Something about it man 
 Same song and dance 
 In the pale moonlight 
 Yo, I'm lookin' at ya, yeah girl, your kind of tookin' back by 
 The whole rapper thing aren't ya? 
 Probably thinkin' you'll get slapped so dang hard ya 
 Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? 
 Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster 
 The police constantly buggin' ya non-stop 
 I walk up on ya, well hello Tonya 
 I think ya got your 
 OnStar 
 button inside your car stuck 
 You outta gas, do you gotta flat? 
 I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat, I got your back 
 Why don't you put your laundry basket in the back 
 And sit up front, not asking it's a trap 
 You just got jacked and body snatched and it's a wrap 
 In broad day with no mask for this attack 
 I heard 'em say, exact opposites attract 
 If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get ya back 
 Yeah baby, do that dance 
 It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
 Girl shake that ass 
 You ain't ever gonna break that glass 
 That windshield's too strong for you 
 I said yeah baby, sing that song 
 It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
 You sexy little thing 
 Show me what you got, give it your all 
 Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me? 
 Same song and dance 
 The first victim I had, she was a big one 
 Big movie star, a party girl, big fun 
 She was the girl the media always picked on 
 In and out of rehab, every 4 to 6 months 
 She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts 
 And 
 Nickelodeon 
 flashed her little kids once 
 What an event it was, I was sitting in front 
 I was hooked in it the first glimpse of them buns 
 Seen her back stage now here's where I come in son 
 Look here she comes I better pull out the big guns 
 Hello 
 Lindsay 
 , you're looking a little thin hun 
 How bout a ride to rehab, get in cunt 
 We're starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want 
 Girl I'm just kidding let me start over again hun 
 See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention 
 Come with me to 
 Brighton 
 , let me relieve your tension 
 You little wench ya, murder wasn't my intention 
 If I wanted to kill you it would of already been done 
 Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her 
 With sixty-six inches of extension... cord 
 Yeah baby, do that dance 
 It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
 Girl shake that ass 
 You ain't ever gonna break that glass 
 That windshield's too strong for you 
 I said yeah baby, sing that song 
 It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
 You sexy little thing 
 Show me what you got, give it your all 
 Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me? 
 Same song and dance 
 My second victim was even bigger then the first 
 Pop star icon, the whole works 
 She played a little schoolgirl when she first burst 
 Upon the scene and seen that the world was hers 
 She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts 
 It irked me and made me mad at first 
 I lashed out through my songs but what was really going on 
 Was that I had developed a crush 
 I just didn't know how to tell it to her 
 Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her? 
 Send her pictures of my collections of skeletons 
 of, footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? 
 We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk 
 Tonight, tonight is the night and tell her I must 
 Creep up, to her mansion in stilettos and just 
 Climb the gate and ring the bell like hello my love 
 I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up. 
 Now would you like to share a pill or two with me? 
 I'll share my Valium with you cause I'm feelin you 
 Britney 
 ! 
 I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one 
 Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent 
 I've been feeling you ooh ooh girl you sexy little gal you 
 Hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value 
 Come-on toots, give me the Valium alleyoop 
 I'll slam dunk it in your mouth til you puke 
 And just as soon you pass out in your alphabet soup 
 I'm 'bout to, make a new outfit out of you 
 New outfit? Shit I'll make a suit out of you 
 Shoot! Now show me how you move baby do how well ya do 
 Yeah baby, do that dance 
 It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
 Girl shake that ass 
 You ain't ever gonna break that glass 
 That windshield's too strong for you 
 I said yeah baby, sing that song 
 It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
 You sexy little thing 
 Show me what you got, give it your all 
 Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me? 
 Same song and dance 
 Same kickin' and screamin', same cryin' and sobbin' 
 Same song and dance 
 Same diggin' and pleadin', same yellin' and bleedin' 
 Same song and dance 
 Yeah 
 Same song and dance 
 I know 
 Same song and dance
 Guess who? 
 Did you miss me? 
 Jessica Simpson 
 , sing the chorus 
 When you walked through the door, ( 
 whoo 
 ) it was clear to me ( 
 clear to me 
 ) 
 You're the one they adore, who they came to see ( 
 who they came to see 
 ) 
 You're a rock star ( 
 baby 
 ), everybody wants you ( 
 everybody wants you 
 ) 
 Player, ( 
 oh 
 ) who can really blame you ( 
 who can really blame you 
 ) 
 We're the ones who made you 
 Back by popular demand 
 Now pop a little Zan-tac for antacid if you can 
 You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand 
 How does it feel, is it fantastic is it grand? 
 Well look at all the massive masses in the stands 
 Shady man, no don't massacre the fans 
 Damn, I think 
 Kim Kardashian's 
 a man 
 She stomped him just 'cause he asked to put his hands 
 On her massive gluteus maximus again 
 Squeeze it and squish it and pass it to a friend 
 Can he come back, as nasty as he can 
 Yes he can-can, don't ask me this again 
 He does not mean to lesbian offend 
 But 
 Lindsay 
 , please come back to seein' men 
 Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten 
 I know you want me girl, in fact I see you grin 
 Now come in girl 
 When you walked through the door, ( 
 whoo 
 ) it was clear to me ( 
 clear to me 
 ) 
 You're the one they adore, who they came to see ( 
 who they came to see 
 ) 
 You're a rock star ( 
 baby 
 ), everybody wants you ( 
 everybody wants you 
 ) 
 Player, ( 
 oh 
 ) who can really blame you ( 
 who can really blame you 
 ) 
 We're the ones who made you 
 The enforcer, looking for more women to torture 
 Walk up to the cutest girl and charley horse her 
 Sorry Portia, but whats Ellen DeGeneres 
 Have that I don't, are you telling me tenderness 
 Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman 
 Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenedrine 
 And I'll invite 
 Sarah Palin 
 out to dinner then 
 Nail her, baby say hello to my little friend 
 Brit 
 forget 
 K-Fed 
 , let's cut out the middlemen 
 Forget him or you're gonna end up in hospital again 
 And this time it wont be for the Ritalin binge 
 Forget them other men girl, pay them little attention 
 And little did I mention, that 
 Jennifer's 
 in 
 Love with me 
 John Mayer 
 , so sit on the bench 
 Man I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch 
 They take a mile, they got style but it isn't Slim 
 When you walked through the door, ( 
 whoo 
 ) it was clear to me ( 
 clear to me 
 ) 
 You're the one they adore, who they came to see ( 
 who they came to see 
 ) 
 You're a rock star ( 
 baby 
 ), everybody wants you ( 
 everybody wants you 
 ) 
 Player, ( 
 oh 
 ) who can really blame you? ( 
 who can really blame you 
 ) 
 We're the ones who made you 
 And that's why my love, you'll never live without 
 I know you want me girl 'cause I can see you checkin' me out 
 And baby, you know, you know you want me too 
 Don't try to deny it baby, I'm the only one for you 
 Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an alfalfa 
 Why should I wash my filthy mouth out 
 You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album 
 Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia 
 Man, 
 Cash 
 , I don't mean to mess up your gal but 
 Jessica Alba 
 put her breast in my mouth (blup) 
 Wowzers, I just made a mess in my trousers 
 And they wonder why I keep dressin' like 
 Elvis 
 Lord help us, he's back in his pink 
 ALF 
 shirt 
 Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit 
 I think he's about ta flip, Jessica 
 Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya 
 Can ya blame me, you're my 
 Amy 
 I'm your Blake 
 Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake 
 With a saw blade in it, to make my jail break 
 Baby, I think you just met your soul mate 
 Now break it down, girl 
 When you walked through the door, ( 
 wooo 
 ) it was clear to me ( 
 clear to me 
 ) 
 You're the one they adore, who they came to see ( 
 who they came to see 
 ) 
 You're a - rock star ( 
 baby 
 ), everybody wants you ( 
 everybody wants you 
 ) 
 Player, ( 
 oh 
 ) who can really blame you? ( 
 who can really blame you 
 ) 
 We're the ones who made you 
 So baby 
 Baby, get down, down down 
 Baby, get down, down down 
 Baby, get down, down down 
 Baby, get down, get down 
 Baby, get down, down down 
 Baby, get down, down down 
 Baby, get down, down down 
 Baby, get down, get down 
 Oh, Amy 
 Rehab 
 never looked so good 
 I can't wait, I'm going back 
 Ha-ha, wooo 
 Dr. Dre 
 , two-thousand and twenty 
 Yeah
 Oh my goodness! What have I done? 
 Oh no! I can't believe it 
 It's like... I've got the whole world in my palms 
 And I'm ready to (drop bombs) 
 Welcome to the Slim Shady mecca, Rebecca 
 It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca 
 It's my sector, homosexual dissector 
 Come again, rewind selector 
 I said nice rectum, I had a vasectomy, Hector 
 So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya 
 Hannibal Lecter in the guy section I bet ya 
 I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya 
 They say once bitten and twice shy well I'm 
 Next to the guy with nine ecstasy pills and five extra 
 Boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities why yes sir 
 I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser 
 It's my kind of vibe, what else should I try Lester? 
 Drop kick the bitch before her second trimester 
 Performed a home abortion with Dexter than I guess I'll 
 Dig a fetus out with a wire hanger then digest her 
 I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end 
 The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in 
 I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end 
 My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends 
 All my west side bitches throw it up 
 Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up 
 Man I think that he just fell off the deep end sho' enough 
 So you better change the station to keep from throwing up 
 Man you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it 
 There's a penis on floor and two balls so you know who did it 
 You know you with it girl don't front oh no you didn't 
 I won't rape all the The Pussycat Dolls, Nicole you kidding? 
 I'll pee on Rihanna see man, I do what I wanna 
 Spray perfume in the sauna room crazy gluin' Madonna 
 To the lazy boy sofa fold her in two and sit on her 
 Imagine visual for that man who would've thought I 
 Could ever be such a relentless prick unleashing his vengeance 
 But the chick so old she looks like she outlived a life sentence 
 I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive 
 If you weren't so defensive it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive 
 I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end 
 The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in 
 I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end 
 My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends 
 Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand 
 Kick it up and push him and lead him right in the quicksand 
 Here you need a hand big man? Grab hold of this branch 
 With both hands but they don't understand I'm just a sick man 
 Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault 
 His name rhymes with so many different words geez 
 So one last time Mr. Christopher Reeves 
 Won't you brake it down for me and just spit the verse please 
 "Eminem I'm coming to kill you 
 I always hated you and I still do 
 You'll never fill my shoes my Superman costume 
 Doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you 
 You're taking this shit too far 
 Who do you think you are? 
 Hang up my suit up in the armoire 
 Everyday I hate you more and more 
 Throw down the cardboard 
 Let's break dance if you think you're hardcore" 
 I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end 
 The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in 
 I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end 
 My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends 
 The world is mine
 Yo, follow me, come with me to the dark side of the force 
 No man would boldly go to this place 
 The devil only knows of this world 
 So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold, oh so cold, oh 
 Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of 
 Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't 
 Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world, so cold and so dark 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where only some will go 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 But none return, when will they learn 
 Where do they go, God only knows 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta 
 I enter Central Park, it's dark it's winter in December 
 I see my target put my car in park and approach a tender 
 Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend ta befriend her 
 Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl you mighta' 
 Heard of me before see whore you're the kinda' girl that I'd a- 
 -ssault and rape and figure why not try to make your pussy wider 
 Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya 
 I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I might flip and get a little bit wilder 
 Impregnate a lesbian yeah now let's see her have triplets then I'll di- 
 -sintegrate them babies as soon as they're out her with formalde- 
 -hyde and cyanide girl, you can try and hide you can try to scream louder 
 No need for no gun powder that only takes all the fun outta 
 Murderin', I'd rather go vin-vin and now you see just how the 
 Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uh 
 Shit wait a minute I mean skull, my knife seems dull pull another one out uh 
 Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't 
 Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where only some will go 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 But none return, when will they learn 
 Where do they go, God only knows 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me 
 There's a monster inside of me it's quite ugly and it frightens me 
 But they can't see what I can see there's a vacancy in my tummy 
 It's makin' me play hide and seek like 
 Jason 
 , I'm so hungry 
 She's naked see no privacy but I can see she wants me 
 So patient see I try to be but gee why does she taunt me 
 Pull the drapes and she goes right to sleep and I creep right through the front see 
 So blatantly but silently cause I know that she's sound 'sleep 
 Who's wakin' me so violently and why's he on top of me? 
 He's rapin' me she tries to scream somebody please get him off me 
 He's tapin' me he's bitin' me he's laughing like it's funny 
 She's scrapin' me, she's fightin' me, she's scratching like some dumb freak 
 Escaping me no dice you see I might just be 
 Ted Bundy 
 Or Satan gee what a site to see I'm dancing in my red panties 
 I'm crazy but its alright with me, man life can be so empty 
 Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing to quite a different drum beat 
 Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't 
 Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where only some will go 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 But none return, when will they learn 
 Where do they go, God only knows 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 Better try ta stay wide awake or you might end up found dead by the lake 
 Soon as you lay me down to sleep it's your soul I'mma try to take 
 Pray for light of day right away, why do they try to fight today 
 I must make them pay twice as much might as well put the knife away 
 Now I use power tools, how 'bout now are you in the shower 
 Scour you for six hours till outage of power outlets 
 How did ya figure out I was down in your basement now ya 
 Must have just heard the sound of my stomach growlin' from down there 
 Prowler there's no one fouler, bound ya that's how they found ya 
 Face down in the tub I drown ya with piles of downers around ya 
 Such nostalgia and power, such prowess look how ya cower 
 Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars 
 Jabba the Hutt, beddy bye-bye beddy bye-bye it's time to die-die 
 Ought to not even bother to scream it don't even matta' 
 Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya 
 Not your everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water 
 Nothing like Son of Sam so please understand there's no gun in hand 
 Where's the thrill in the hunt, there's no fun in that, here I come with axe 
 Fun ta act like lumberjack when I'm hackin' 'em up with that 
 What was that? Dial 9-1-1 someone's comin' in from the back 
 Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't 
 Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where only some will go 
 (Stay wide awake) 
 But none return, when will they learn 
 Where do they go, God only knows 
 (Stay wide awake)
 Eminem 
 Good evening. This is your fucking captain speaking 
 We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet 
 That's eight million miles in the sky 
 Please undo your seat belt for take off 
 You are now free to smoke about the cabin 
 Dr. Dre 
 I'm Dre from back in the day from 
 N.W.A. 
 from black and the grey from 
 Chokin' a bitch to smacking her face from 
 Stackin' up bodies to racking AKs up from 
 Racking up hits to stacking them crates up 
 I'm still hungry and I'm back with a tapeworm 
 And we're what's happening in rap entertainment 
 Me and Shady far as competition faggot there ain't none 
 Eminem 
 Speak of the devil, it's the attack of the rain man 
 Chainsaw in hand bloodstain on my apron 
 Soon as the blades vrun vrun they run away from 
 Who want to play dungeon no one is safe from 
 In search of a brain surgeon, the great one 
 Wait it ain't funny man, It's urgent I need one 
 Two boxes of detergent and a paintgun 
 And a emergency squirtgun to spray A1 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 (you are now smoking with the best, the best) 
 I said one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 (you are now smoking with the best, the best) 
 Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless, a nice environment 
 Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound 
 I surround the hydrants taking lives of firemen 
 Say goodbye, here I am again 
 Naked wives and vicodin 
 Before I begin to get so high pussy boy I could spin 
 Vin vin, fuck the handle, I fly off the hinge 
 Let that boy off the bench coach and throw it to him 
 There he goes in his trench coat and no clothes again 
 Baby make us some french toast and show us some skin 
 I'll show you every inch grows on my foreskin 
 Show me nipple I pinch both and throw up a ten 
 Now you know it's a sin to tease blow us again 
 The sorcerer of intercourse if it's forced it's him 
 Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
 That when you wake in the morning next to the porcelain 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 (you are now smoking with the best, the best) 
 I said one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 (you are now smoking with the best, the best) 
 Dr. Dre 
 Now where there's smoke there's fire 
 Where there's fire, there's flames 
 Where there's flames there's chronic 
 Either you high or you ain't 
 I got no time for no games 
 Eminem 
 Nah-ah he ain't playing 
 He's gonna get the AK and aim it at your brain 
 I'm slightly insane, Vodka and creatine 
 Hypnotic and red bull, it's an incredible energy drink 
 And it's giving me wings, I believe I can fly 
 While I pee on the girl you won't catch me CSI 
 It's as easy as pie and as simple as cake 
 Dre get on the mic and make them tremble and shake 
 Dr. Dre 
 Now put your smoke up in the air 
 Raise your Henny and coke 
 And if you really want to get fucked up just let me know 
 We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it 
 Let's get into it, you smoking with the triedest and truest 
 I got the Midas touch when it comes to rolling shit up 
 You muthafuckers ain't smoking you just holding shit up 
 Now here we go, let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt 
 I smoke the kind of stuff that makes the records go number one 
 'Cause if at first you don't succeed 
 Won't hurt to smoke some weed 
 Now them words are just a little more personal for me 
 Seeing as how I blew up off puffing them trees 
 Eminem 
 Was luck enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up Cheech 
 Come on smoke me up cuz, get me contact buzz 
 Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff 
 But this is Earth calling Shady man come on back (what?) 
 Man we're losing him, he won't even respond back fuck 
 Now look at all the pretty women in here 
 (Damn, bitches) 
 Dre it's hot I think we better go check on their temperatures 
 I get the thermometer you get the bandages 
 Now baby just bend over this won't hurt a damn bit 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 (you are now smoking with the best, the best) 
 I said one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 (you are now smoking with the best, the best)
 Intro 
 Yeah, oh, yeah yeah... Oh 
 I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing 
 I smell something in the air that's making me high 
 I said I smell something in the air that's making me high 
 [Verse 1] 
 Okay here we go, Do-re-mi-fa-so fa-so-la-ti-da-so 
 Lyrical Roscoe, kick back the Tabasco 
 You motherfuckers must just not know the tic-toc so 
 Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos 
 Picasso with a pick-axe, a sick asshole 
 Tic-tac-toe 'cross your six-pack, with X-acto 
 Knives, stranglin' wives with thick lasso 
 Big bags of the grass, Zig Zags, I'm with the Doc, so 
 You know how that go, skull and the crossbones 
 This is poison to boys and girls who do not know 
 You do not wanna try this at home my little vato 
 This is neither the time nor the place to get macho 
 So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos 
 Maybe some popcorn and watch the show, and just rock slow 
 It's not what you expected, nor what you thought so 
 'Bout time that you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke 
 [Chorus] 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 [Verse 2} 
 Your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh I'm literally getting a chill 
 Spitting at will, me and 
 Dre 
 have just finished splitting a pill 
 You're submitting to skill, sitting still I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel 
 Like I don't think anyone's real 
 Faced with a dilemma, I can be 
 Dalai Lama 
 And be calm or bring drama a step beyond a 
 Jeffrey Dahmer 
 Please don't upset me mama, you're looking sexy mama 
 Don't know if it's the lala, or the rum and Pepsi mama 
 Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer 
 Be used as extra topping, then next time I make a pizza 
 How many people you know who can name every serial killer 
 Who ever existed in a row, put 'em in chronological order 
 Beginning with 
 Jack the Ripper 
 Name the time and place from the body, the bag the zipper 
 Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped 
 The trunk that they were stuffed in the model, the make, the plate and which model 
 Which lake they found her and how they attacked the victim 
 Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one 
 Which knife and which gun, what kid what wife and which nun 
 Don't stop I like this it's fun, the fuckin' night's just begun 
 [Chorus] 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 [Verse 3] 
 When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like 
 You're stuck with the same stick that you're tryin' to light 
 Behind the boards sits 
 Dre 
 , legends are made this way 
 Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be 
 Maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms 
 Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some 
 He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a 
 LinnDrum 
 Make up a beat and kill the sucker syndrome 
 The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some 
 Starting from scratch and then ending up at the ending of 
 Capable of winning a 
 Pulitzerso 
 unbelievable it's a 
 Titanium cranium that's full of sur- 
 prises when the smoke rises, right before your very own eyes 
 You stare into your stereos ( 
 High 
 ) 
 Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing 
 I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drinking 
 [Chorus] 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind
 [Male Medic] 
 Mr. Mathers? 
 Mr. Mathers! 
 Mr. Mathers...Mr. Mathers can you hear my voice? 
 OK he's not responding 
 I'm gonna need an 18 gauge left AC right away 
 [Female Medic] 
 Uh, BP is 90 over palp, respiration's at 8 
 Okay, I'm tubing him 
 [Male Medic] 
 DMC this is medic 41 
 [Voice over radio] 
 Medic 41, this is DMC base, go ahead 
 [Female Medic] 
 He's cold, spike him back and grab the back board 
 [Male Medic] 
 OK, got it, on 3...1, 2... 
 Hu-let's move...
 [Intro: Male Medic] 
 DMC, we have a mid-30's male found down, unresponsive. Possible overdose, substance unknown. 
 Pulse is 60 and thready. Respiration's 8. He's intubated, and we're bagging him now. 
 Uhh, BP: 90 over palp. Patient is cool, pale, and diuretic. 
 Has aspirated. Uhh, GSC is 3. We'll update en route. 
 ETA: ten minutes. 
 As I, fall deeper into a manic state 
 I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait 
 Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate 
 I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate 
 Start off with the NyQuil like "I think I'll just have a taste" 
 Couple of sips of that, then I gradually graduate 
 To a harder prescription drug called Valium like, "Yeah, that's great." 
 I go to just take one and I end up like having eight 
 Now I need something in my stomach 'cause I haven't ate 
 Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak 
 And you'd think that with all I have at stake 
 Look at my daughter's face "Mommy something is wrong with dad I think 
 He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me 
 Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me 
 And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos 
 And he just fell asleep in his car eating Three Musketeers in the rear seat" 
 Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know 
 Feels like I been down this road before 
 So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me 
 As soon as I go home and close the door 
 Kinda feels like dj vu 
 I wanna get away from this place I do 
 But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know 
 That's a lie, 'cause I don't and why I just don't know 
 Maybe just a nice cold brew "What's a beer?" 
 That's the Devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year 
 And that fucker still talks to me he's all I can fucking hear 
 "Marshall come on we'll watch the game, it's the Cowboys and Buccaneers" 
 And maybe if I just drink half, I'll be half-buzzed for half of the time 
 Who's the mastermind behind that little line? 
 With that kind of rationale man I got half a mind 
 To have another half of glass of wine, sound asinine 
 Yeah I know, but I never had no problem with alcohol 
 Ouch look out for the wall, aim for the couch I'm 'bout to fall 
 I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball 
 Shit must've knocked me out, 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all 
 Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I? 
 Man, fuck am I hungover and goddamn I 
 Got a headache, shit half a Vicodin, why can't I? 
 "All systems ready for take off please stand by" 
 Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know 
 Feels like I been down this road before 
 So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me 
 As soon as I go home and close the door 
 Kinda feels like dj vu 
 I wanna get away from this place I do 
 But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know 
 That's a lie, 'cause I don't and why I just don't know 
 So I take a Vicodin splash it hits my stomach then ahh 
 Couple of weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high 
 Now I need it just not to feel sick, ya I'm getting by 
 Wouldn't even be taking this shit if DeShaun didn't die 
 Oh yeah, there's an excuse, you lose Proof so you use 
 There's new rules, it's cool if it's helping you to get through 
 It's twelve noon, ain't no harm in self-inducing a snooze 
 What else is new? Fuck it what would Elvis do in your shoes? 
 Now here I am three months later, full blown relapse 
 "Just get high until the kids get home from school, Holmes. Relax" 
 And since I'm, convinced that I'm an insomniac 
 I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take three naps 
 Just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see 
 That's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium, three? 
 And that will average out to about one good hour's, sleep 
 Ok so now ya, see, the reason how come, he 
 Has taken four years to just put out an album, B 
 See me and you we almost had the same outcome, Heath 
 'Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia, thing 
 It was bologna was it the methadone, ya think 
 Or the hydrocordone, you hide inside your pornos 
 Your VCR tape cases, with you Amb!en CR, great paces to hide 'em ain't it 
 So you can lie to Hailie, 
 "I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina" 
 Go in the room and shut the bedroom door 
 And wake up in an ambulance 
 They said they found me on the bathroom floor 
 Damn 
 Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know 
 Feels like I been down this road before 
 So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me 
 As soon as I go home and close the door 
 Kinda feels like dj vu 
 I wanna get away from this place I do 
 But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know 
 That's a lie, 'cause I don't and why I just don't know
 Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own 
 Everybody has a private world where they can be alone 
 Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? 
 Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you 
 I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump 
 If I could just get over this hump, but I need something to pull me out this dump 
 I took my bruises, took my lumps, fell down and I got right back up 
 But I need that spark to get psyched back up in order for me to pick the mic back up 
 I don't know how or why or when, I ended up in this position I'm in 
 I'm startin' to feel distant again, so I decided just to pick this pen 
 Up and try to make an attempt to vent, but I just can't admit 
 Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet 
 And I know some shit's so hard to swallow, but I just can't sit back and wallow 
 In my own sorrow, but I know one fact, I'll be one tough act to follow 
 One tough act to follow, I'll be one tough act to follow 
 Here today, gone tomorrow, but you'd have to walk a thousand miles 
 In my shoes just to see what it's like to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others' minds 
 Just to see what we'd find, look at shit through each others' eyes 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 (so) 
 I think I'm startin' to lose my sense of humor, everything's so tense and gloom I 
 Almost feel like I gotta check the temperature of the room, just as soon as I 
 Walk in, it's like all eyes on me and so I try to avoid any eye contact 
 'Cause if I do that, then it opens the door for conversation, like I want that 
 I'm not lookin' for extra attention, I just wanna be just like you 
 Blend in with the rest of the room, maybe just point me to the closest restroom 
 I don't need no fuckin' man servant, tryin' to follow me around and wipe my ass 
 Laugh at every single joke I crack and half of 'em ain't even funny like 
 "Hah! 
 Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, Goddamn!" 
 Unfortunately I am, I just hide behind the tears of a clown 
 So why don't you all sit down, listen to the tale I'm about to tell 
 Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes and you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles 
 In my shoes just to see what it's like to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others' minds 
 Just to see, what we'd find, look at shit through each others' eyes 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 (so) 
 Nobody asked for life to deal us, with these bullshit hands we're dealt 
 We gotta take these cards ourselves and flip 'em, don't expect no help 
 Now I could have either just sat on my ass and pissed an' moaned 
 Or take this situation in which I'm placed in and get up and get my own 
 I was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags 
 Or sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did 
 I just wanted to fit in, in every single place, every school I went 
 I dreamed of being that cool kid, even if it meant actin' stupid 
 Aunt Edna always told me, 
 "Keep makin' that face, it'll get stuck like that" 
 Meanwhile I'm just standin' there, holdin' my tongue tryin' to talk like this 
 Till I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old 
 I learned my lesson then 'cause I wasn't tryin' to impress my friends no more 
 But I already told you my whole life story, not just based on my description 
 'Cause where you see it from where your sittin' it's probably 110% different 
 I guess we would have to walk a mile in each others' shoes at least 
 What size you wear, I wear 10's, let's see if you can fit your feet 
 In my shoes just to see what it's like, to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others' minds 
 Just to see what we'd find, look at shit through each others' eyes 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 (so) 
 Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own. 
 (Oh) 
 Everybody has their private world, where they can be alone. 
 (So) 
 Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? 
 (Oh) 
 Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you. 
 (So) 
 Spoken 
 Yeah, to my babies, stay strong. Dad'll be home soon. 
 And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes, to fit you. 
 So put 'em on and wear 'em. 
 Be yourself, man. Be proud of who you are. 
 Even if it sounds corny, don't ever let no one tell you you ain't beautiful. 
 (So)
 Eminem 
 Oh! 
 Ladies and gentlemen 
 The moment you've all been waiting for... 
 In this corner: weighing 175 pounds, 
 With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults and 4 murders 
 The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world: 
 Slim Shady! 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes 
 Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk 
 Ok! Let's go! 
 Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk 
 Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust 
 Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus 
 Kiss my butt, lick frumunda cheese from under my nuts 
 It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks 
 It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed 
 Bitches lust, man they love me when I lay in the cut 
 Fist the cup, the lady give her eighty some paper cut 
 Now picture us, it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought 
 'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce 
 If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time 
 Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes 
 It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room 
 I venture to say with the center of attention, "It's true" 
 Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal 
 Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk 
 Ladies and gentlemen... Dr. Dre! 
 Dr. Dre 
 They see that low rider go by, they like, "Oh, my!" 
 You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why 
 I dip through in that six tre like, "Sick 'em, Dre" 
 I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me 
 But hey, what else can I say? I love L.A. 
 'Cause over and above all, it's just another day 
 And this one begins where the last one ends 
 Pick up where we left off and get smashed again 
 I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz 
 Driving 'round with a smashed front end, let's cash that one in 
 Grab another one from out the stable 
 The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado 
 The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl? 
 Decisions, decisions, garage looks like precision collision 
 Or maico, beats quake like Waco 
 Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though 
 Eminem 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes 
 Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk 
 And I take great pleasure in introducing... 50 Cent! 
 50 Cent 
 It's bottle after bottle 
 The money ain't a thang when you party with me 
 It's what we into, it's simple 
 We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe 
 I'm the napalm, the bomb, the Don, I'm King Kong 
 Get rolled on, wrapped up and reigned on 
 I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm 
 Bring the Chandon, burn marajaun do what you want 
 Nigga on and on till the break of what? 
 Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck 
 I spend it like it don't mean nothing 
 Blow it like it's supposed to be blown, Mafucker, I'm grown 
 I stunt, I style, I flash the shit 
 I gets what the fuck I want, so what? I trick 
 Fat ass, burgundy bags, classy shit 
 Jimmy Choo shoes, I say, "Move a-bitch, move" 
 Eminem 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes 
 Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
 A lot of people ask me 
 Where the fuck I've been at the last few years 
 Shit, I don't know 
 But I do know, I'm back now 
 Haha! 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me, I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain, and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me, I'm underground 
 Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up 
 Broken tibia's, fibula's, yeah fix me up 
 Sixty sluts, all of 'em dying from asphyxia 
 After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeve Sippy cup 
 Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy Pads 
 Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab 
 Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap 
 Jackin' off to a hockey mask and a boxing match 
 (He can't say that!) 
 Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again 
 Better text message your next o' kin 
 Tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy, especially when I flex again 
 And throw a fucking lesbian in wet cement 
 So faggoty, faggoty, faggoty, Raggedy Ann an' Andy 
 No, Raggedy Andy an' Andy. No, it can't be, it can't be 
 Yes, it can be! The fucking Antichrist is back, Danny 
 It's Satan in black satin panties 
 This is Amityville, calamity, goddammit, insanity 
 Pills, fanny-pack filled with Xanies 
 Through every nook and cranny, lookin' for trannies 
 Milk and cookies spilt on my silk neglige, looky 
 Razor b-lades with me to make you b-leed 
 Cases of Maybelline make-up lay on a table of weed 
 Slim Shady, shit sounds like a fable to me 
 Till he jumps out the fucking toilet when you're takin' a pee 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me, I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me, I'm underground 
 Six semen samples, seventeen strands o' hair 
 Found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair 
 Hannah Montana 
 prepare to elope with a can-opener 
 And be cut open like cantaloupe on canopy beds 
 And glad bags, yeah glad to be back 
 'Cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dab in rehab 
 Fucking doctor, I ain't understand a damn word he said 
 I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch 
 Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened 
 Bitin' into a fucking Vicodin like I'm a viking 
 Oh, lightnin' is strikin' it might be a fucking sign I need a psychic- 
 Evaluation. Fuck Jason, it's Friday the 19th 
 That means it's just a regular day 
 And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly 
 Fucking lesbian, shouldn't have had her legs in the way 
 Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me, I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me, I'm underground 
 Tell the critics I'm back and I'm coming to spit it back in abundance 
 Hit a fag with onions then split a bag of Funions 
 Mad at me, understandable, cannibal shoot an animal 
 Out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult 
 Captain of a cult with an elite following 
 To turn Halloween back to a Trick or Treat holiday 
 Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar 
 Swipe his powers replace his knife with flowers and a stack of flyers 
 Hit Jason Voorhees with a forty 
 Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story 
 Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine 
 And sat him in the fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture 
 Walked up Elm Street with a fucking Wiffle bat drew 
 Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands too 
 And came out with a little scratch, ooh 
 Looking like I got into a fucking pillow fight with a Triple Fat Goose 
 Insanity, can it be vanity, where's the humanity 
 In havin' a twisted fantasy with an arm-and-leg amputee 
 Straight jacket with a hundred an eight brackets 
 And a strap that wraps twice around my back, then they latch it 
 Cut your fuckin' head off and ask, "Where you headed off to?" 
 Get it? "Headed off to?" Medic, this headache's awful 
 This anesthetic's pathetic, so's this diabetic waffle 
 And this prosthetic arm keeps crushin' my hard taco! 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me? I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I've disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Looking for me? I'm underground 
 Rehab Meeting 
 Random Guy 
 I had to get sober. 
 It wasn't a choice, it was, I had to do this. 
 And now I got 90 days clean. 
 And uh, that's all I have to share. 
 Thanks. 
 Meeting Coordinator 
 Well thanks for sharing Brian. 
 There anyone else who'd like to share this evening. 
 Ken Kaniff 
 Yeah, I got something to share... 
 * 
 Singing 
 * 
 When you walk through the door, you were queer to me (Is he tap dancing?) 
 So come here baby boy, just come here to me (Uhh why's he taking his clothes off?) 
 You're a cock boy, everybody wants you (That's gross) 
 You're gayer, than you would ever claim to 
 I won't have to rape you 
 So homie... 
 Lay down, down down (I'm gettin' out of here) 
 Lay down, down down 
 Lay down, down down (Have a good night) 
 Lay down, lay down 
 * 
 Talking 
 * 
 Uhh, where's everybody going? 
 This always went over real big in Gay.A. 
 Ok wait, I got another one... 
 * 
 Singing 
 * 
 I just love condoms and lots of cum 
 * 
 Talking 
 * 
 No? 
 Oh, shit. 
 *Door Close*
 (Eminem) 
 {*Yawns*} Yeah, look 
 If I would've rap about the crap that's out, that's the route 
 You probably want me to take 'cause you're just dyin' to know what I think 
 Here my take on some other rappers 
 If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall you'd probably crap in your pants 
 'Cause I'm white and he's white, so he's like 
 My competition I mean, right? Nope 
 Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba, so 
 {*Blblblbl, pbbbbt*} B-b-b-b-b-b, but 
 I don't compete with nobody 
 I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle 
 And dance around my opponents, do donuts 
 Sometimes I play possum, like I'm asleep it's awesome 
 I'm like a sleepin' giant and when I awake I'm like Dre 
 I just jump from outta nowhere and bite break 
 And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em, full of poison 
 And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em 
 And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em 
 And smack him with the backward E, the Eminem emblem 
 Always thought if you was gonna murder somebody you should face em 
 Tell 'em why, look 'em dead in the eye, then waste 'em 
 And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell 
 Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell 
 In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls 
 For this rap game and it g-g-goes 
 One-two-three, chk-chk one-two-three 
 Chk-chk one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me 
 There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me 
 Everybody bores me, they're just so corny 
 So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror 
 The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer" 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 [Eminem] + (devil) 
 (Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here 
 Talk to me, sit, here, pull up a chair 
 Why don't you cut your hair? {*laughs*} 
 Dye it back, c'mon try it) Ah! 
 No I told you leave me the fuck alone, will you?! 
 (But I'm here to rebuild you) But I already killed you! 
 (But Shady, we were meant for each other 
 Think about your mother) Yeah, so what of her? 
 (You think about what she did to you and your little brother 
 All them foster homes) FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER! 
 I had you beat! (No, I was playin' possum 
 Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom 
 I gave you enough time, your soul's mine 
 I'm takin' it back!) You fuckin' bitch, WHY?! 
 (Because I love you, look a little closer 
 Isn't that us on that poster? Hahaha!) 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 [Eminem] + (devil) 
 (Shady, listen - "SHADY!" - you hear that? 
 They're screamin for you, I can bring your career back) 
 But I don't want it back (Yes you do) no I don't 
 (Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later) No I won't 
 (I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor) 
 Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday 
 (Well I got him on the phone right now) 
 [Dr. Dre] + (Eminem) 
 Slim (you're lyin') yo Slim! (How, why now?) 
 (Whattup Dre?) Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to you 
 I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your 
 Drugs you became a lot softer 
 (But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka) 
 Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here 
 Just hit me back and let me know what's up (FUCK THIS MIRROR!) 
 {*Glass breaks*} 
 [Eminem] + (devil) 
 Ah! (I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you 
 Let me guide you) FUCK YOU, DIE YOU 
 SON-OF-A-BITCH! {*gun cocks*} (Put the gun down) Bye-bye! 
 {*Blam*} Okay, I'm still alive (so am I too! 
 You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to 
 Ha ha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you? 
 You remember that night you 
 Prayed to God you'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you 
 This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right? Ooh 
 Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, woo! 
 Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too? 
 That you're just now seein the downside to? 
 Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too 
 Ain't even sure if your kids like you? 
 Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil 
 Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle 
 But together we can break the cycle 
 Marshall) WHAT?! (No one's gonna love you like I do) 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 (Eminem) 
 I said I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body {*echoes*}
 (Numerous news reports) 
 "Breaking news, Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour 
 To check himself into rehab, after admitting an addiction 
 To sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops." 
 "Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently 
 Survived a gunshot to the head, in what appears to be 
 A random drive-by shooting. Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be... 
 Alienated... on again/off again relationship with..." 
 "This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..." 
 "Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire 
 At an after-hours club we've learned that the rapper Proof 
 Has been fatally shot." 
 "Shady/Aftermath recording artist..." 
 "Long-time best friend of Eminem, and a member of the rap group D12." 
 "D12 back in the news again today..." 
 "Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation 
 Continue to swirl around Eminem. He insists he's just taking a break 
 But doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask, 
 'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'" 
 So this is it, this is what I wished for 
 Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment 
 I just thought the shit'd be different 
 There's somethin' changed the minute that I got a whiff of it 
 I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffin it 
 And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit 
 I just wanted a little bit 
 Then it turned me to a monster, I became a hypocrite 
 Concert after concert, I was rakin in the dough, rollin' in green 
 Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine 
 But I was losin my freedom, there was nowhere for me 
 To not go and be seen, and just go and be me 
 And there was no in-between 
 You either loved it or hate it, every CD critics gave it a 3 
 Then three, years later they go back and re-rate it 
 Then called "The Slim Shady LP" the greatest 
 "The Marshall Mathers" was a classic, "The Eminem Show" was fantastic 
 But "Encore" just didn't have the caliber to match it 
 I guess enough time just ain't passed yet 
 A couple more years that shit'll be "Illmatic" 
 And eight years later I'm still at it 
 Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleepin' pill addict 
 And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk 
 My back has been broke and I can still walk 
 So be careful what you wish forrrr 
 Cause you just might get it, and if you get it 
 Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it 
 Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld 
 I said be careful what you wish forrrr 
 Cause you just might get it, and if you get it 
 Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it 
 Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld 
 I got a letter from a fan that said, he's been prayin' for me 
 Every day and for some reason it's been weighin on my mind heavy 
 'Cause I don't read every, letter I get 
 But somethin' told me to go ahead and open it 
 But, why would someone pray for you when they don't know you? 
 You didn't pray for me when I was local 
 And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through 
 Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you 
 At least, a thousand times in these rhymes 
 I appreciate the prayer but I've already got God on my side 
 And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it? 
 Just watchin it from a opposite standpoint, man boy it's got to look 
 Nuts, and that's the only word I can think of 
 Right now on how, to describe the shit 
 This is like a vibe you get, go ahead and bop to it 
 Just watch what you wish for 'cause I got the shit 
 So be careful what you wish forrrr 
 Cause you just might get it, and if you get it 
 Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it 
 Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld 
 I said be careful what you wish forrrr 
 Cause you just might get it, and if you get it 
 Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it 
 Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld
 Eminem 
 I want you to understand something 
 That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping 
 I want them fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire 
 But I feel like a million bucks, ladies, won't you fill your cups? 
 Shady's come to fill you up, if you a D or a C-cup 
 You can even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E 
 You'll be in the E-R, we are strapped with so much T-N-T 
 We may blow, no, not even C-P-R from the E-M-T 
 Can help you to resuscitate 
 You bustas must be flustered, wait 
 You can't cut the mustard 
 What's your problem, can't you bust a grape? 
 What's my name? Shady came to crush the game 
 Instantly, not even fair to them 'cause they pale in comparison 
 So much they might as well wear a skin 
 Don't you wish you could just share his pen? 
 'Cause this shit is getting embarrassing 
 The fog is thick, and the air is thin 
 'Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, dadidadidadadi 
 He makes it look so easy 
 Girl, you just hit the lottery 
 Now, this would be the part of the song 
 Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose 
 Try to restrain us, you can't contain us 
 We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do 
 Everywhere we go, it seems we looking 
 For any excuse to just cut loose 
 So this would be the part of the song 
 Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose 
 Dr. Dre 
 This is when shit hits the fan, like it just flat out don't stand 
 This is the only moment that matters, your homey rolling with Mathers 
 Then chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front 
 So do what we say and once it's over like a suance, it hums 
 (It makes them stay in a trance 
 No choice, they have to dance) 
 It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt 
 Take a day off or what? Man, you better lay off the blunts 
 You must be smokin' something, think I ain't smokin' nothing, stay off my nuts 
 Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust 
 Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose 
 Yeah, girl, shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse 
 D-R-E is on the loose, I'm like a goose when it comes to the chronic use 
 You know I can't stand to lose, Me and my goons are like animals 
 Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof 
 Yeah, man, ain't that the truth? 
 Girl, your man's is like in the booth 
 Definitely back up in this bitch, you swing? all hell breaks loose 
 Now this would be the part of the song 
 Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose 
 Try to restrain us, you can't contain us 
 We still gonna make it stick, no matter what we do 
 Everywhere we go, it seems we looking 
 For any excuse to just cut loose 
 So this would be the part of the song 
 Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose 
 Eminem 
 Now, I know you're feelin' discouraged, but homey, just mark my words 
 I'm murderin' the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow 
 As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe 
 I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go 
 We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows 
 Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' ho 
 With speakers knockin', it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop 
 E and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do' 
 Dr. Dre 
 Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow 
 We ain't bluffin' for nothin', we'll knock the stuffin' out you 
 Revenge is so sweet, move till you injure your feet 
 Yeah, move it or lose it' freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably 
 Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me 
 Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah, Los Angeles, rules of the streets 
 Them haters hatin' on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep 
 Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, Dre fall off, that's news to me 
 Now this would be the part of the song 
 Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose 
 Try to restrain us, you can't contain us 
 We still gonna make it stick, no matter what we do 
 Everywhere we go, it seems we looking 
 For any excuse to just cut loose 
 So this would be the part of the song 
 Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
 (Eminem) 
 Better watch out sucker now I got ya where I want ya, 
 Onslaught, coming and I'm packing in my lunch a, 
 Bunch a missile launchers and a bunch a contra- 
 Ban van full of ganja, now come on jump, 
 Man stop marchin' Marshall oh my God ya, 
 Doin' the cha cha and the cucaracha with a quadri- 
 Plegic boogieing down to Frank Sinatra, 
 Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya, 
 Who da knew the Buddha do ta me what's its done, 
 Such cynicism when this isn't in my system, 
 Blunt hypnotism lift the spliff up to my lip son, 
 So much on my hands, I got to give my kids a fist pump, 
 Chris-to-pher Reeves swimming in my swim trunks, 
 Mis-ter, "help me"'s what he said to me and then sunk, 
 Women skinning them and cutting them up in chunks, 
 In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin ones, 
 Once again they call me Buffalo Bill, 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill, 
 Skin 'em up, hem em, 
 Sew 'em up in those kilts, up in those kilts, 
 Upa up in those kilts, 
 Man, you don't want to go up in those hills, 
 Up in those hills, uppa up in those hills 
 You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill, 
 Buffa-buffalo bill, 
 (Eminem) 
 Always, you can see 'em lurking in the hallways, 
 Carcasses of caucasion females in his crawl space, 
 How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place, 
 Hide 'em in the wall but how long will the drywall take, 
 Well f-ck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait, 
 Until it dries for the moment I guess your all safe, 
 After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint, 
 My chainsaw's outta gas my regular saw ain't, 
 Now here I come again, damn stomach rumbling, 
 You can even hear the evil spirits coming from within, 
 Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummaging, 
 It's a girl, she looks pretty thin but I want her skin, 
 Been on the hunt again, when will it ever end, 
 Evelyn why you trying to fight you will never win, 
 Severing legs, arms, damn there goes another limb, 
 Pull the lever then trap door, death is evident 
 Once again they call me Buffalo Bill, 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill, 
 Skin 'em up, hem em, 
 Sew 'em up in those kilts, up in those kilts, 
 Upa up in those kilts, 
 Man, you don't want to go up in those hills, 
 Up in those hills, uppa up in those hills 
 You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill, 
 Buffa-buffalo bill, 
 (Eminem) 
 Now what you know about Buffalo Bill, 
 Nothing so chill, 
 F-cking hoe, you better f-cking hold still, 
 Make sure none of that lotion in that bucket don't spill, 
 Cut 'em gut 'em and just keep stuffing those girls, 
 Man I think she had enough of those pills, 
 Sedate her, then I wait I come back later just to clutch on those steel blades 
 Baby when I cut ya don't squeal 
 I hate the loud noises I f-cking told you, 
 I keep hearing voices like 
 Wouldn't you like to go and get ya butcher knife 
 And push it right through her while ya put ya shish-kebab skewer 
 Into her, barbecue her or would ya do to her what you usually do to a girl who's skins newer, 
 (Yoda) 
 In a World of Sin doer this is turning into a torment tournament of sorts, 
 Christmas Ornament you are, 
 (Eminem) 
 I"ll be sure to Ginsu ya till there's no more skin to ya, 
 Boo ya who ya think you f-cking with, 
 Duck because here he comes again, 
 Once again they call me Buffalo Bill, 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill, 
 Skin 'em up, hem em, 
 Sew 'em up in those kilts, up in those kilts, 
 Upa up in those kilts, 
 Man you don't want to go up in those hills, 
 Up in those hills, uppa up in those hills 
 You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill, 
 Buffa-buffalo bill,
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him 
 That's not happening, that I can't fathom 
 Eighty something million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
 Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady 
 You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touche me 
 Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele 
 Woopsy down a fucking daisy 
 That's an honor who even she knows dada's fucking crazy 
 Fucking animal, cookoo, bananas, fucking AV 
 Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me 
 Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby 
 You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up 
 But it's all caught up to me now, palm is in the waters 
 Every line I ever said has got me in a corner 
 You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does 
 You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started 
 Now your brains all haunted cause of all the shit you thought of 
 Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust 
 I never thought it'd come to this, I outta just be honest but 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him 
 That's not happening, that I can't fathom 
 Eighty something million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
 Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it 
 They get so mad, when I call them both fake it's 
 All these fucking voices in my head I can't take it 
 Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it 
 You're standing adjacent to Jason's last slut, they're facing 
 Together makes 'em, a fucking bad combination 
 I lashed at the doctor in my last operation 
 Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away some- 
 Body please stop the patient, get the cops to mase him 
 Homie, I'm the shizer, pass doctor dre some 
 I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son 
 No not-a now, not a chance, not today son 
 I can't believe I leave for one brief second 
 And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked 
 And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, fake it 
 I just keep saying the same exact saying, check it 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him 
 That's not happening, that I can't fathom 
 Eighty something million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
 Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later 
 I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I 
 Thinkin' about an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em 
 Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em 
 Yeah, for every time you ride down the street 
 Or hideout, drive by my house and beep 
 Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep 
 Lie down fucker, try countin' sheep 
 And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef? 
 Mase in your face bitch, cry now pussy 
 This is my house, all nine thousand feet 
 So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth 
 Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top 
 Stand above em, just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop 
 Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop 
 While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him 
 That's not happening, that I can't fathom 
 Eighty something million records worldwide, 
 Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
 Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit 
 This must be all that there is, this must be it 
 Fuckin-A even got a bidet 
 Wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper 
 Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off 
 I can just toss a flying saucer in it 
 This shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator 
 Living in a house with a fucking elevator
 It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me. 
 I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me, 
 But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance. 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home). 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm that guy man, shove a dime up in my hind end, 
 And crush it with my butt muscles as I cut vocals, 
 Slut poke holes in your shirt jump in mud puddles, 
 While I stomp mud holes in your ass girl lets cuddle, 
 Blood curdling on your girdle whatll, 
 I do for my next trick I'm feeling wonderful, 
 I think I might just do something a little less subtle, 
 Shove a fucking Tonka truck up a little kids butt hole, 
 Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash Ambassador, 
 Of the Valentines Day massacre slash assassin, 
 I slash her in ass with an icicle and leave her in a blood bath while I, 
 Put a catheter in and jump in the bath with her, 
 In my Spider-Man mask just imagine, 
 The fun I can have with a strap on, 
 Stick up a Kim Kardashians ass, 
 And make the bitch run a triathlon, 
 Are those pistachios? Damn id like to have some, 
 Laying on the patio man rolling a fat one, 
 Shady drop the magic marker put the cap on, 
 Goddamn man are you that much of an asshole. 
 It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me. 
 I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me, 
 But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance. 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home). 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm like Houdini, 
 Tuck my teeny, eenie, weenie between each, 
 One of my thighs and make it disappear like Houdini. 
 Make this shit disappear like Tara Ried in a bikini, 
 Believe me homie you don't know the meaning of a meanie. 
 They call me the fruit loop from Jupiter, 
 I'm tryna maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot, don't move or ya, 
 Might get it stuck up so fuckin' far up in your uvula, 
 You ain't gonna know what he was tryna do to your gloutius. 
 Totally tubular, sniffin' glue through a tube in the studio, 
 Now who do ya think is more fruitier? 
 Weenier's smothered in peanut butter, 
 Pudding on the tube of your eye shadow, 
 And that'd look nice, you shoulda seen it mother. 
 I think I put a piece of art on my Visa card, 
 Then I'll go beat Mischa Barton with a cuisinart, 
 And mosy on over to Rosie O'Donnell's, with McDonald's, 
 Jump in her lap and watch the Sopranos. 
 It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me. 
 I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me, 
 But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance. 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home). 
 (Eminem) 
 Shady what're ya doin' chewin' on a human? 
 Grab an aluminum bat and hide a clue in the back room, 
 And assumin' the fact that that dude's in the back room, 
 Usin' the bathroom, vacuumin' a raccoon, 
 Skewin' a rat, a cat, screwin' a baboon. 
 You shouldn't ask, "What is he doin' with that broom?". 
 You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds, 
 You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance, ooh. 
 But they're afraid I might get Sarah Palin, 
 By the hair and make her wear a bathin' suit and take her parasailin'. 
 Shady why do you gotta pick on the lady for, 
 Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you and baby-tard? 
 'Cause I'm scared, there's monsters under my bed, 
 Kelly Pickler hid my juicebox under my bassinet, 
 No wonder my ass is wet, my diaper needs to be changed, 
 Do you like graffiti dike? Well I can pee-pee and write your name. 
 (Eminem) 
 It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me. 
 I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me, 
 But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance. 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home). 
 Fine... Nobody wants to play with me? Fuck you then... Bitch... Guys are always mean to me anyways... All they do is rub gum in my hair and stuff... You guys are going to make me sad... I'm crying... I'm gunna tell my mom... MOMMMMMMMM...
 Yeah, yeah girl 
 Can you hear that, it's playing our song 
 Are you sleepy, take a nap 
 You're not afraid of the dark are ya 
 (Verse 1: Eminem) 
 You hear the beat, as it makes ya not want to go to sleep 
 I knock on Dakota's door, it's locked so I go to creep 
 Round the back with binoculars, not 'cause I want to peep 
 But because I'm hungry, she smells like tacos, I wanna eat 
 Visions of hot chocolatey marshmallows, all so sweet 
 With sugar plums, oh look here comes Marshall, he's on your street 
 He's placin' hot smolderin' charcoals beneath your feet 
 Now walk on 'em, he's dancin' with carcasses cheek to cheek 
 Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham 
 Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam 
 Flavor my favorite graham crackers with Jon Benet Rams 
 I guess a modern day Jack the Ripper is all that I am 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep (My music box) 
 But I can hear you my love, you keep callin' me (My music box) 
 And when we're worlds apart, you mean the World to me (My music box) 
 If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep (My music box) 
 I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box) 
 So won't you twirl around, and do a whirl for me (My music box) 
 And will you be my private little dancer? (My music box) 
 (Verse 2: Eminem) 
 I almost look comatose, who wants to be sober? gross 
 I foam like a doberman, mouth open, I overdose 
 Put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes then I plug my nose 
 My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged I know 
 I put on my mother's makeup, get naked and run around 
 Wavin' the gun around, I think I'm down to a hundred pounds 
 There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains, but the sun is out 
 The Devil's upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out 
 I must be buggin' the fuck out, but what the fuck about 
 Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house 
 They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box 
 Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do it's locked 
 I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts 
 I dig till I find it, I wind it up, and the tune it starts 
 It's playin' a song so beautiful and the room is dark 
 The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I'll loom in the park 
 (Verse 3: Eminem) 
 I'm fixated, on asphyxiatin' 
 And breakin' this little chick's neck, like a pixie stick 
 The sick, Satan worshippin', bitches get horse whippins' 
 I'm in the back, through the back door slippin' 
 Through the crack, leavin' the corpse drippin' 
 The mortician of love, sent from above 
 Forced entry to maul when she no more stingy I've become 
 Been doin' this for more than a quarter century, I'm just numb 
 Am I dreamin', is it real? someone pinch me on the buns 
 The time has come, to tie her up 
 Gotta roll me the ladder, I've had enough of the chatter 
 Climb up to the window look at her 
 Then climb in slow to shatter, her brain matter and batter her 
 With a bat a matter of fact that will splatter her 
 But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her 
 Give her two compliments back to back like Tabitha 
 I'm your secret admirer, I'm back to ravish ya 
 So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula 
 Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her 
 Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her 
 Zoom in with the lens, then pan back the camera 
 Stand back cause here comes your man, Jack, so Pamela
 Yeah, boy 
 You better ring the alarm, boy 
 Them know what's coming, boy 
 Buck, buck, buck, Ha-ha 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 (Eminem) 
 Oh my god, fucking bombaclot, 
 I'm hard as Kenard, The little boy that shot Omar in The Wire 
 Tie a whore up with barbed wire in nothing but a Bra 
 Boy, I'm the real deal, and charbroil on the bonfire 
 And bon voyage, bitch, I'm like Chef Boyardee 
 In this bitch, send the bomb to my mom's lawyer 
 I'm a problem for you, boy, you think your Tom Sawyer 
 Till I pull you out the fucking storybook and stomp on ya 
 Fucking fictional characters and fairytales 
 Prepare yourself for Captain America on ferris wheels 
 But it ain't fiction, it's fact, boy, beware it's real 
 Them lyrics you wield equal zero to a hero's shield 
 Mr. fly by the seat of his pants para-sail 
 Fall, hit the trampoline, bounch and grab a pair of stilts 
 And I ain't wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing no nada 
 Like your father fucking your mother 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 I don't want no dog gone beef 
 You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 I don't want no dog gone beef 
 You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me 
 (Eminem) 
 Boy, I'm the real McCoy, you little boys can't even fill voids 
 Party's over, kids, kill the noise, here comes the Killjoys 
 Me and Dre the steel alloys, the rap crown royales 
 The scalp cowboys, now how that sound for ya? 
 Yeah, boy, you know we bout to put it down for ya 
 So, kick your shoes off, and before you have a sound voyage 
 Sayonara, see you fuckers tomorrow 
 Get some marinara, marinate in some maranara 
 And have a coke and smile, don't make me open a jar 
 Whip ass on ya, that's the last straw you hoping to draw 
 Yeah, you fresher than most, boy, I'm just doper than all 
 Boy, I'm that boy, boy, them boys them no up to par 
 I just show up, go up to the stage and blow up the spot 
 There ain't no boy who can do what I do, boy, I'm a star 
 Boy I told you, boy, I'm a soldier, boy, I'm DeShaun 
 Holton in this bitch, I'm the proof, boy, you're a fraud 
 I'll destroy ya, boy, fuck around and blow you decide 
 Oh my god, boy, you didn't go there, no you did not 
 I got a whole storyboard for you, boy, your the plot 
 You getting got whether you try to avoid it or not 
 Apology not accepted, boy, Detroit is a rock 
 We get to beefing, ain't no telling at what point it'll stop 
 All I gotta do is point to the spot 
 When the bomb drops, boy does it drop 
 And when it does, boy, there's a problem 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 I don't want no dog gone beef 
 You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 I don't want no dog gone beef 
 You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me 
 (Eminem) 
 Boy, don't jinx yourself, boy, I'm Michael Spinx with the belt 
 Stringer Bell, boy, my name rings bells for itself 
 I'm sick as hell, boy, you better run and tell someone else 
 Bringing hell, boy, singing telegrams or get dealt 
 And to that boy I'm upsetted in mental said he was better 
 I bet that he's never seen Freddy in that black and red little sweater 
 Back better than ever, the cheddar shredder, the grater 
 The beef grinder, I'll settle vendettas a little later 
 Giving haters incubators, think you made a mistake 
 By saying Shady was ghost, I ain't even close to the the gate 
 You got one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave 
 I'm bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day 
 So, hey, wouldn't you say I'm the shit? Couldn't agree 
 With ya more if you were to say that my fucking shit doesn't stank 
 Shady fucking aftermath, boy, the ship doesn't sink 
 It just floats in the fucking water till we fill up the tank 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 I don't want no dog gone beef 
 You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 I don't want no dog gone beef 
 You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me
 'Cause some things just, don't change 
 It's better when they stay the same 
 Although the whole world knows your name 
 So on a, bigger stage they came to see you spit your game, oh 
 But it shouldn't be difficult, to explain 
 Just why you came back again, you hate the fame 
 Love the game, cold as ice, you remain 
 Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all, eat shit, here we go again 
 Spoken 
 : 
 So, goddamn. 
 Is it that time again already? 
 Haha, y'all don't look too happy to see me. 
 Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once? 
 All right, fuck y'all then. 
 You can get the dick, just call me the ball sac, I'm nuts 
 Michael Vick in this bitch dog, fall back, you mutts 
 Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy 
 Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck-sicked, mommy 
 And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy 
 Bitch, you don't fuckin' think I know that you suck dick, dummy 
 You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey 
 Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny 
 Shorty, dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words 
 You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucka 
 Motherfucka' might as well let my lips pucker 
 Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cock-sucker 
 This shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off, now I'm shittin' and pissin' on 
 Everybody, give a fuck if it's right or wrong 
 So buck the Buddah, light a bong 
 But take a look at Mariah next time I inspire you to write a song (Come on) 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 When it snows, and it's twenty be-low 
 Ask me why, man I just don't, know 
 Kno-kno-know, know-know know 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows 
 Oh oh-oh 
 Fuck it, I'm a loose cannon 
 Bruce Banner's back in the booth, y'all are sittin' ducks, I'm the only goose standin' 
 I'll set the world on fire, piss on it put it out 
 Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around 
 Mo'fucker, I'll show you pussyfootin' 
 I'll kick a bitch in the cunt, 'til it makes a queef, and sounds like a fuckin' whoopee cushion 
 Who the fuck is you pushin', you must have mistook me for some 
 Sissy soft punk, lookin' for some nookie or bosom 
 Go ahead fuckin' hater push me, I told you ain't no fuckin' way to shush me 
 Call me a faggot, 'cause I hate a pussy 
 Man the fuck up sissy, G's up, all you gardeners freeze up 
 Put your hoes down, 
 Shady ease up 
 Man chill 
 , naw I can't goddammit, rap is a landfill 
 Drop the anvil, these are shoes that you can't fill 
 Shit the day that happens, the world will 
 Stop spinnin' and Michael J. Fox'll, come to a stand-still 
 Durin' an earthquake, urine in your face 'cause you're fake 
 Ow what the fuck, that hurt, wait 
 Ow what the fuck, I just got struck 
 By lightnin', alright then I quit, God I give up 
 Call it evil that men do, Lord forgive me for what my pen do 
 This is for your sins, I cleanse you 
 You can repent but I warn you, if you continue 
 To Hell I'll send you 
 , and just then the wind blew, and I said... 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 When it snows, and it's twenty be-low 
 Ask me why, man I just don't... 
 Know, kno-kno-know, know-know know 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows 
 Oh oh-oh oh-oh 
 How long will I be this way, Shady until my dyin' day 
 'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say 
 So long, 'til then I'll drop the fuckin' bombs 
 Like I missed the pass when I went long 
 If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong 
 Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song 
 Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women 
 When Aquaman drowns and the Human Torch starts swimmin' 
 Man I'm a, cold soul, I roll solo so don't compare 
 Me, to them other bums over there 
 It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums, yeah 
 I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair 
 But I swear, you try to dis me I'll slaughter you 
 I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune 
 The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme 
 And say I was writin' this and I thought of you, so... 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 When it snows, and it's twenty be-low 
 Ask me why, man I just don't... 
 Know, kno-kno-know, know-know know 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows 
 Oh oh-oh oh-oh 
 I don't know... I don't know what caused... 
 I don't know what caused me to be this way 
 I don't know... I don't know but I'll... 
 Probably be this way 'til my dyin' day 
 I don't know why I'm so... I'm so cold 
 Mean things I don't mean to say 
 I guess this is how you made me
 Hey yo 
 Before I start this song, man 
 I just want to thank everybody for being so patient 
 Snd bearing with me over these last couple of years 
 Ehile I figure this shit out 
 Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself 
 No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy 
 Woah, woah, woah, woah 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel 
 If there is then let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
 I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes 
 But there was no one who even knew I was goin' through growin' pains 
 Hatred was flowin' through my veins 
 On the verge of goin' insane 
 I almost made a song dissin' 
 Lil Wayne 
 It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin' 
 I felt horrible about myself, he was spittin' 
 And I wasn't, anyone who was buzzin' back then could have got it 
 Almost went at 
 Kanye 
 too, God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic 
 Thank God that I didn't do it 
 I'da had my ass handed to me and I knew it 
 But Proof isn't here to see me through it 
 I'm in the booth poppin' another pill tryin' to talk myself into it 
 Are you stupid, you gon' start dissin' people for no reason? 
 'Specially when you can't even write a decent punch line even 
 You're lyin' to yourself, your slowly dyin', you're denyin', your health 
 Is declining with your self-esteem, your crying out for help 
 Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself 
 No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel 
 If there is then let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
 Marshall, you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow 
 All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathin' and hollow 
 Bottoms up on the pill bottle, maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow 
 My sorrow echos in this hall though (oh-oh-whoa) 
 But I must be talkin' to the wall though, I don't see nobody else 
 (I guess I keep talkin' to myself) 
 But all these other rappers suck is all that I know 
 I've turned into a hater, I put up a false bravado 
 But Marshall is not an egomaniac, that's not his motto 
 He's not a desperado, he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled 
 Inside him, one foot on the break, one on the throttle 
 Fallin' asleep with writer's block in the parkin' lot of 
 McDonald's 
 But instead of feelin' sorry for yourself, do somethin' bout it 
 Admit you got a problem, your brain is clouded, you pouted 
 Long enough, it isn't them, it's you, you fuckin' baby 
 Quit worryin' about what they do and do Shady, I'm fuckin' goin' crazy 
 Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself 
 No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel 
 If there is then let me hear 
 Just so I know that im not the only one 
 So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned 
 Hit my bottom so hard, I bounced twice, suffice this time around 
 It's different, them last two albums didn't count 
 Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushin' em out 
 I've come to make it up to you now, no more fuckin' around 
 I got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I let 'em down 
 So please accept my apology, I finally feel like I'm back to normal 
 I feel like me again, let me formally 
 Reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know 
 The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no 
 Signs of slowin' up, oh, and I'm blowin' up all over 
 My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over, homos 
 I'm back with a vengeance, homie, Weezy keep your head up 
 T.I. 
 keep your head up, Kanye keep your head up, don't let up 
 Just keep slayin' em, rest in peace to 
 DJ AM 
 'Cause I know what it's like, I struggle with this shit every single day and um 
 Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself 
 No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel 
 If there is then let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
 So there it is, damn 
 It feels like I just woke up or something 
 I guess I just forgot who the fuck I was, man 
 Hey yo, and to anybody that I thought about going at 
 It was never nothin' personal; it was jus' some shit I was going through 
 And to everybody else... I'm back, heh
 Heh, yeah, haha 
 You know critics man, critics never got nothing nice to say man 
 You know the one thing I noticed about critics, man 
 Is critics never asked me how my day went 
 Well, I'ma tell 'em 
 Yesterday my dog died, I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow 
 Said next time you blog, try to spit a flow 
 You wanna criticize dog, try a little mo' 
 I'm so tired of this, I could blow, fire in the hole 
 I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro 
 Better hold on a little tighter, here I go 
 Flow's tighter, hot headed as ghost rider, cold hearted 
 As 
 Spider-Man 
 throwin' a spider in the snow 
 So you better get lower than 
 Flo-Rida 
 inside of a low-rider 
 With no tires in the hole 
 Why am I like this, why is winter cold 
 Why is it when I talk, I'm so biased to the ho's 
 Listen dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets 
 This isn't golf, this is a blisterin' assault 
 Those are your wounds, this is the salt 
 So get lost, shit, dissin' me is just like pissin' off 
 The Wizard of Oz 
 , wrap a lizard in gauze 
 Beat you in the jaws with it, grab the scissors and saws 
 And cut out your livers, gizzards and balls 
 Throw you in the middle of the ocean in a blizzard with Jaws 
 So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw 
 Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all 
 Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers 
 Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog 
 You're on fire 
 That's how you know you're on a roll 
 'Cause when you're hot, it's like you're burning up, everyone else is cold 
 You're on fire 
 Man, I'm so fuckin' sick 
 I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit 
 You're on fire 
 You need to stop, drop and roll 
 'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop shop to blow 
 You're on fire, yeah, you're on fire 
 I just put a bullshit hook 
 In between two long ass verses, if you mistook this for a song, look 
 This ain't a song, it's a warnin' to Brooke 
 Hogan and David Cook, that the crook just took over, so book 
 Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it 
 I'm lightnin' in a skillet, you're a fuckin' flash in the pan 
 I pop up, you bitches scatter 
 Like hot grease splashin' a fan, Mr. Mathers is the man 
 Yeah, I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can 
 Come back and whip your ass with it again 
 Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand 
 It'll eat through anything, metal, the ass of Iron Man 
 Turn him into plastic, so for you to think that you could stand 
 A fuckin' chance is asinine, yeah ask Denaun, man 
 Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines 
 Or get hit with a flying crayon 
 Fuck it, I ain't playin' 
 Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holdin' a sign sayin' 
 Vietnam Vet, I'm out my fuckin' mind, man 
 Kick over the can, beat his ass and leave him nine grand 
 So if I seem a little mean to you 
 This ain't savage, you ain't never seen a brute 
 You wanna get graphic, we can go the scenic route 
 You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop 
 Sayin' you sick, quit playin' you prick, don't nobody care 
 And why the fuck am I yellin' at air 
 I ain't even talkin' to no one 'cause ain't nobody there 
 Nobody'll fuckin' test me 'cause these ho's won't even dare 
 I'm wastin' punch lines but I got so many to spare 
 I just thought of another one that might go here 
 Naw, don't waste it, save it psycho, yeah 
 Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair 
 You're on fire 
 That's how you know you're on a roll 
 'Cause when you're hot, it's like you're burning up, everyone else is cold 
 You're on fire 
 Man, I'm so, im so hot 
 My muthafuckin' fire truck's on fire, homie 
 You're on fire 
 You need to stop, drop and roll 
 'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow 
 You're on fire, yeah, you're on fire
 P!nk 
 : 
 You can sound the alarm 
 You can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard 
 You can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Cadillac Sevilles Coup Devilles, brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels 
 Girl I'm too for real lose your tooth and nail 
 Try to fight it try to deny it stupid you will feel 
 What I do I do at will, shootin' from the hip, yeah boy, shoot to kill 
 Half a breath left, on my death bed 
 Screamin' F that, yeah super ill 
 Baby what the deal, we can chill, split a half a pill and a happy meal 
 Fuck a steak slut, I'll cut my toes off 
 And step on the receipt 'fore I foot the bill 
 Listen garden tool, don't make me introduce you to my power tool 
 You know the fuckin' drill 
 How you douchebags feel, knowin' you're disposable 
 Summer's Eve 
 , 
 Massengil 
 Shady's got that mass appeal, baby crank this shit 'cause it's your God damn jam 
 You say that you want your punch lines a little more compact, well shorty I'm that man 
 These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at, man 
 I gave Bruce Wayne a valium and said settle your fuckin' ass down 
 I'm ready for combat, man 
 Get it, calm batman, naw, ain't nobody whose as bomb and as 
 Nuts, lines are like mom's cat scans 'cause they fuckin' go bananas 
 Honey, I applaud that ass, swear to God man, these broads can't dance 
 Ma, show em how it's done, spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah 
 P!nk 
 : 
 You can sound the alarm 
 You can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard 
 You can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Girl shake that ass like a donkey with Parkinson's 
 Make like 
 Michael J. Fox 
 is in your drawers playin' with an etch-a-sketch 
 Bet ya that you'll never guess whose knockin' at your doors 
 People hit the floors, yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced 
 Girl forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads with 
 Chris 
 ' force like you pissed him off 
 Talented with the tongue, mo'fucker you ain't got a lick in yours 
 Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores, makin' cash registers shit their drawers 
 Think you spit the rawest, I'm an uncooked slab of beef layin' on your kitchen floor 
 Other words, I'm off the meat rack, bring the beat back, bring me two extension cords 
 I'ma measure my dick, shit I need six inches more, fuck, my dick's big 
 Bitch, need I remind you that I don't need the fuckin' swine flu to be a sick pig 
 You're addicted, I'm dope, I'm the longest needle around here, need a fix up 
 I'm the big shot, get it, dick snots, you're just small pokes, little pricks 
 (ha) 
 Girl you think that other pricks hot, I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match 
 'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter, better call the cops on him, quick-fast 
 Shady's right back on your bitch-ass, white trash with a half a six-pack 
 In his hatch back trailer hitch attached to the back 
 (dispatch) 
 P!nk 
 : 
 You can sound the alarm 
 You can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard 
 You can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rappin', does a bird chirp,flu 
 Does 
 Lil Wayne 
 slurp syrup till he burps and smoke purp, does a word search 
 Gettin' circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through, I'd like you to 
 Remind yourself of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic, girl, you're the kind of girl that I can take a likin' to 
 Psych, I'm spikin' you like a football, been this way since I stood a foot tall 
 You're a good catch with a shitty spouse, got a pretty mouth and a good jaw 
 Give me good brain, watch the wood grain, don't want no cum stain, bitch you listening 
 Tryin' to turn me down, slut I'm talkin' to you, turn me back up, are you insane? 
 Tryin' to talk over me in the car, shut the fuck up while my shit's playing 
 I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life, what's the saying, where there's thunder, there's lightning 
 And they say that it never stikes twice in the same place 
 Then how the fuck have I been hit six times in three different locations on four separate occasions 
 And you can bet your stinkin' ass that I've come to smash everything in my path 
 Fork was in the road, took the psycho path, poison ivy wouldn't have me thinkin' rash 
 So hit the dance floor, cutie, while I do my duty on this microphone, shake your booty 
 Shorty I'm the shit, why you think Proof used to call me Doody 
 P!nk 
 : 
 You can sound the alarm 
 You can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard 
 You can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no
 Yeah! Oh, get up! I said, get up! Let's go! 
 Better watch out now 'cause here we come 
 And we ain't stoppin' until we see the mornin' sun 
 So give us room to do our thing 'cause we ain't come to hurt no one 
 So everybody come and get up on the floor now and grab someone 
 Man first of all I'm a boss, I just wanna get that across 
 Man, even my dentist hates when I floss 
 Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche 
 Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray-painted doors 
 With the flames on 'em, Michigan plates and my name's on 'em 
 Baby, Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him 
 But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him 
 He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him 
 'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man 
 Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can 
 There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance 
 We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance 
 She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man 
 In the streets of Warren, Michigan, we call em tramp stamps 
 That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps 
 Down and show this hussy who's the man, now get amped, dance 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nuttin but a white trash party 
 (white trash party) 
 So let's have us a little bash 
 And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash 
 You don't know, ya better ask somebody 
 'Cause we're havin' a white trash party 
 (white trash party) 
 Pull a 5th of Bacardi from out of my underwear 
 And walk around the party without a care like a body without a head 
 Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead 
 And tomorrow probably still be too high to get out of bed 
 Till I feel like I've been hit with the sharp part of the hammer 
 Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta 
 I shoot the gift like im hollerin', 
 "Die Santa!" 
 Missed the tree and hit Rudolf and 2 innocent bystanders 
 So quit tryin' to play the Wall like you're Paul and 
 Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin' 
 They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap darlin' 
 'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly, I start ballin' 
 Makin' it rain for the ladies in the Mini's 
 But im not throwin' ones, five, tens or even twenties 
 I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at Skinny's 
 Man, I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's 
 From the north, east and west but when it comes to them trailers in them Southparks 
 Muffle it 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's 
 So ladies, if your belly button's not an innie then im outtie 
 Now hop in my mini-van, let's get rowdy, come on 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nuttin but a white trash party 
 (white trash party) 
 So let's have us a little bash 
 And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash 
 You don't know, ya better ask somebody 
 'Cause we're havin' a white trash party 
 (white trash party) 
 Now whether your black, white or purple, if you're misunderstood 
 But you don't give a fuck, you ain't doin' shit that you should 
 Long as you know your up to evil and your no damn good 
 Get on the floor, man and rep yo hood 
 Now, honey, don't let them pricks trip, we should make a quick dip 
 And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot 'cause, girl, I got a sick whip 
 Kick the back window out of my Gremlin, put two milk crates in the trunk 
 Rip out the stick shift and make a five seater 
 I'll be damned if I feed a chick, it ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita 
 I be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y and I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater 
 I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down 
 'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown 
 I'll tell ya now, I'm so raw, I still need to un-thaw 
 You feel me y'all, I'll shut the club down like 
 Drake 
 in the mall 
 But, baby, a body like that's against the law 
 You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw 
 Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all 
 You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car, now get up 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nuttin but a white trash party 
 (white trash party) 
 So let's have us a little bash 
 And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash 
 You don't know, ya better ask somebody 
 'Cause we're havin' a white trash party 
 (white trash party)
 I'm going through changes 
 I'm going through changes 
 Lately I really, feel like, I'm rollin' for Delph like Philly 
 Feel like I'm losin' control of myself, I sincerely 
 Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complainin' 
 But life keeps on complicatin' 
 And I'm debatin' on, leavin' this world this evenin' 
 Even my girls can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it 
 But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty 
 When inside I'm dyin', I am finally realizin' I need 
 Help, can't do it myself, too weak 
 Two weeks I've been havin' ups and downs, goin' through peaks 
 And valleys, dilly dallyin', 'round with the idea 
 Of endin' this shit right here 
 I'm hatin' my reflection, I walk around the house tryin' to fight in mirrors 
 I can't stand what I look like yeah 
 I look fat but what do I care, I give a fuck 
 Only thing I fear is Hailie, I'm afraid if I close my eyes then I might see her 
 Shit 
 I'm going through changes 
 I'm going through changes 
 I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon 
 Yeah dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you 
 Marshall what happened that you can't stop with these pills 
 And you've fallen off with your skills and your own fans are laughin' at you 
 You've become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up 
 Be a man, stand, a real man would have had this shit handled 
 Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed 
 They say 
 Proof 
 just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust 
 Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that 
 He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first 
 But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse 
 Now I'm poppin' Vic's, Perc's and Methadone pills 
 Yeah Em, tight verse, you killed it 
 Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men 
 And they gon' do whatever I says when, I says it 
 It's in their best interest to protect their investment 
 And I just lost my fuckin', best friend, so fuck it I guess then 
 I'm going through changes 
 Don't know what I'm gonna do 
 But I just keep on going through changes 
 I'm going through changes 
 My friends just can't understand this new me 
 That's understandable man, but think how bananas you'd be 
 You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo 
 And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do 
 I'm startin' to live like a recluse and the truth is 
 Fame's startin' to give me an excuse to be at a all time low 
 I sit alone in my home theater, watchin' the same damn DVD 
 Of the first tour, the last tour, he was still alive 
 And it hurt, so I fast forward, sleepin' pills will make me feel alright 
 And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night 
 I just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfuckin' right 
 I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound 
 Almost in a coma, yeah homie come on dole 'em out 
 Daddy don't you die on me, daddy better hold your ground 
 Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice, yeah baby hold me down 
 (Daddy) 
 I'm going through changes 
 (Daddy) 
 Don't know what I'm gonna do 
 But I just keep on going through changes 
 I'm going through changes 
 Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through 
 Swear when I come back, I'ma be bulletproof 
 I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few 
 Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth 
 Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not have made it through 
 I think about the things I would never got to say to you 
 I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do 
 Hailie this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too 
 I still love your mother, that'll never change, think about her every day 
 We just could never get it together hey, wish there was a better way 
 For me to say it, but I swear on everything 
 I'd do anything for her, on any day 
 There are just too many things to explain, when it rains 
 Guess it pours, yes it does, wish there wasn't any pain 
 But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame 
 I ain't pointin' fingers, heaven knows I never been a saint 
 I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history 
 And just today, I looked at your picture almost if to say 
 I miss you subconsciously, wish it didn't end this way 
 But I just had to get away, don't know why, I don't know what else to say 
 I guess I'm 
 I'm going through changes 
 Don't know what I'm gonna do 
 But I just keep on going through changes 
 I'm going through changes
 I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) 
 (Yeah) 
 to take a stand (to take a stand) 
 (It's been a ride) 
 Everybody 
 (I guess I had to) 
 (everybody), come take my hand 
 (Go to that place) 
 (come take my hand) 
 (To get to this one) 
 We'll walk this road together 
 (Now some of you) 
 through the storm 
 Whatever weather 
 (Might still be in that place) 
 cold or warm 
 (If you're tryin to get out) 
 Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone 
 (Just follow me) 
 Holla if you feel like 
 (I'll get you there) 
 you've been down the same road 
 You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper, before I lay 'em 
 But you won't take the sting out these words, before I say 'em 
 'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem 
 When I say I'ma do somethin' I do it, I don't give a damn 
 What you think, I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world feed it beans 
 It's gassed up, if it thinks it's stoppin' me 
 I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly 
 And all those who looked down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony 
 No if ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he 
 From 
 Infinite 
 down to the last 
 Relapse 
 album, he's still shittin' 
 Whether he's on salary, paid hourly 
 Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him 
 Whichever comes first, for better or worse 
 He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas 
 His gift is a curse, forget the earth, he's got the urge 
 To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe 
 I'm not afraid 
 (I'm not afraid) 
 to take a stand 
 (to take a stand) 
 Everybody 
 (everybody) 
 , come take my hand 
 (come take my hand) 
 We'll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road 
 OK quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap 
 I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm, for you to know it's a rap 
 You said you was king, you lied through your teeth, for that 
 Fuck your feelin's, instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped 
 And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back 
 I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact 
 Let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was eh 
 Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground 
 Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now 
 All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack-bloww 
 'Cause I ain't playin' around, there's a game called circle 
 And I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down 
 But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out 
 Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fuckin' black cloud 
 Still follows me around, but it's time to exorcise these demons 
 These motherfuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now 
 I'm not afraid 
 (I'm not afraid) 
 to take a stand 
 (to take a stand) 
 Everybody 
 (everybody) 
 , come take my hand 
 (come take my hand) 
 We'll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone 
 Holla if you feel like, you've been down the same road 
 And I just can't keep livin' this way 
 So startin' today, I'm breakin' out of this cage 
 I'm standin' up, I'ma face my demons 
 I'm mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground 
 I've had enough, now I'm so fed up 
 Time to put my life back together right now 
 It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me 
 Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you 
 So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through 
 And don't even realize what you did, believe me you 
 I been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger 
 I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of 
 My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers 
 And drop dead, no more beef flingers 
 No more drama from now on, I promise 
 To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father 
 So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters and raise it 
 You couldn't lift a single shingle on it 
 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club 
 Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up 
 'Cause I'm raisin' the bar, I shoot for the moon 
 But I'm too busy gazin' at stars, I feel amazin' and I'm not 
 I'm not afraid 
 (I'm not afraid) 
 to take a stand 
 (to take a stand) 
 Everybody 
 (everybody) 
 , come take my hand 
 (come take my hand) 
 We'll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone 
 Holla if you feel like, you've been down the same road
 Spoken 
 : 
 I don't know, man. Just feels like, we're a lot different. 
 Kinda feels like, I'm on a hole different page, right now. 
 Feels strange, but um, I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like... 
 I feel like I'm morphin' 
 Into somethin' that's so incredible that I'm dwarfin' 
 All competitors, better get your girlfriend in check 
 It's psychological warfare, endorphins I effect 
 Your self-esteem shatters as dialect, comes blastin' out your deck 
 She loves me, so much passion you'd expect 
 This sort of reaction from her yet 
 You strong arm, you're fuckin' corny, you try to turn your charm on 
 'Cause you just think you're Bishop The Don Juan 
 But if you think that you're fuckin' with me, homie, you're on one 
 I'm cockin' my head back like 
 Ed Lover 
 , come on son 
 She's on my Johnson, she brings my name up constant 
 Your boys are like she's fuckin' with dude, she wants son 
 Homeboy you better get a clue 
 She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you 
 What you expect her to do, how you expect her to act in the sack 
 When she's closin' her eyes 
 Fantasizin' of diggin' her nails in my back to this track 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 She's sittin' here gettin' liquored up at the bar 
 She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are 
 There's a seven disc CD changer in her car 
 And I'm in every single slot and your not, aww 
 I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet, a star 
 And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhymin' one syllable, naw 
 Switch it up and watch them haters not give it up 
 'Cause they're just not good enough but I'm not givin' up, till I get my respect 
 And I won't stop till I get enough 'cause I'm not livin' up to my own expectations 
 Aww, that hater alarm is soundin' off, man, Obama took the bomb from my name, aww 
 So quit cryin' that I took your dame homie, she's my dame, aww 
 You sadly mistaken if you're thinkin' that I'm not on my game, boy 
 And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth 
 You wear your heart on your sleeve, I sport that white tank boy 
 But you got a hard on for me, what you hollerin' my name for 
 It's your bitch on my dick, ain't my dang fault, man, I can't call it 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 It's like we're playin' lyrical tug-of-war with your ear, you hear it, girl come here 
 Put your ear up to the speaker, dear, while I freak this world premier 
 Seducin' her, loosen up with a little freestyle, that'll wait, am I losin' ya 
 Am I makin' you look bad, well I got news for ya, homie you're losin' her 
 Oh wait, you don't like when I spit it fast, am I tryin' to show out, let me slow it down some 
 It's still gonna be a blow out, you're gonna wanna throw out your whole album 
 Rummage through the shit and try to salvage somethin' to see 
 If you can save any of it punk but none of it's fuckin' with me 
 Prick, you really feelin' that bullshit, you think you killin' them syllables 
 Quit playin', these beats ain't nuttin to fool with 
 They call me Fire Marshall, I shut this shit down 
 Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round 
 I am also the opposite of what you are like 
 You're a microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic 
 I am awesome and you are just awe struck, she's love stricken 
 She's got her jaw struck from suckin' my dick, aww fuck 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you
 Lil Wayne 
 Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower 
 But it's Fuck the world, get a child out her 
 Yeah my life a bitch, but you know nothin' bout her 
 Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers 
 I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour 
 Married to the game, but she broke her vows 
 That's why my bars are full of broken bottles 
 And my night stands are full of open Bibles, uh 
 I think about more than I forget 
 But I don't go around fire, expectin' not to sweat 
 And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed 
 Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg 
 Money outweighin', problems on the triple beam 
 I'm stickin' to the script, you nigga's skippin' scenes 
 Uh, be good or be good at it 
 Fuckin' right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic 
 Yeah, put the dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say 
 I'm high as a bitch, up up and away, man I come down in a couple of days 
 Okay, you want me up in the cage, then I'll come out in beast mode 
 I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code 
 It's Weezy motherfucker, Blood gang and I'm in bleed mode 
 All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole 
 So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down 
 No love lost, no love found 
 Eminem 
 It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now 
 Lil Wayne 
 Yeah 
 Eminem 
 You kicked me when I was down, fuck what you say just don't 
 (Don't hurt me) 
 Lil Wayne 
 That's right (Don't hurt me) 
 I don't need you (No more) 
 Don't want to see you (No more) 
 Huh 
 Eminem 
 Bitch you get no (No love) 
 You showed me nothing but hate, you ran me into the ground 
 But what comes around goes around (Yeah) 
 And I don't need you (Don't hurt me) 
 Lil Wayne 
 That's right (You don't hurt me) And I don't need you (No more) Don't want to see you (No more) 
 Eminem 
 Hah, bitch you get 
 (No love, no love, no love, no love) 
 Hah, bitch you get 
 (No love, no love, no love) 
 Lil Wayne 
 And I don't need you (No more) 
 Get 'em 
 Eminem 
 I'm alive again, more alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can 
 See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen 
 I'm a little bit sicker than most, shit's fi'in to get thick again 
 They say the competition is stiff, but I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in 
 I ain't never givin' in again, caution to the wind, complete freedom 
 Look at these rappers how I treat 'em, so why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? 
 They call me a freak 'cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em 
 Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage, where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? 
 Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch I'ma let you finish in a minute, yeah that rap is tight but I'm 
 'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time, so you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um 
 Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit, and start over from scratch and write new ones 
 But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference, when I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight 
 It's an adrenaline rush, you feel the bass thump in the place all the way to the parking lot fellow 
 Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd, you can see the sparks from hot metal 
 Cold-hearted from the day I bogarted the game, my soul started to rot fellow 
 When I'm not even in my harshest, you can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow 
 Till I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop, I'm standing on my Monopoly board 
 That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop, till my hip don't hop anymore 
 When you're so good that you can't say it, 'cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore 
 People just get sick 'cause you spit, these fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore 
 And you can never break my stride, you never slow the momentum at any moment 
 I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride, I'm killin' the flow, slow venom any opponent 
 Is getting no mercy, mark my words ain't letting up relentless, I smell blood 
 I don't give a fuck, keep giving 'em hell, where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love 
 Eminem 
 It's a little too late, to say that you're sorry now 
 Lil Wayne 
 (Yeah) 
 Eminem 
 You kicked me when I was down, fuck what you say just don't 
 (Don't hurt me) 
 Lil Wayne 
 That's right (Don't hurt me) 
 And I don't need you (No more) 
 Don't want to see you (No more) 
 Huh 
 Eminem 
 Bitch you get no (No love) 
 You showed me nothing but hate, you ran me into the ground 
 But what comes around goes around (Yeah) 
 And I don't need you (Don't hurt me) 
 Lil Wayne 
 That's right (You don't hurt me) 
 And I don't need you (No more) 
 Don't want to see you (No more) 
 Eminem 
 Hah, bitch you get 
 (No love, no love, no love, no love) 
 Hah, bitch you get 
 (No love, no love, no love) 
 Lil Wayne 
 And I don't need you (No more) 
 Eminem 
 Bitch you get no (Love, love)
 We touch, I feel a rush, we clutch it isn't much 
 But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us 
 It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress 
 'Cause you just did the impossible, gained my trust 
 Don't play games it'll be dangerous, if you fuck me over 
 'Cause if I get burnt, I'ma show ya what it's like to hurt 
 'Cause I've been treated like dirt before ya 
 And love is evil, spell it backwards I'll show ya 
 Nobody knows me I'm cold, walk down this road all alone 
 It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go 
 Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever, so 
 Don't ask me why I have no love for these mo'fuckin' hoes 
 Blood sucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this 
 I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this 
 It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be 
 Like trying to start over 
 I got a hole in my heart, like some kind of emotional roller coaster 
 Something I won't go on, so you toy with my emotions ho it's over 
 It's like an explosion every time I hold ya, wasn't joking when I told ya 
 You take my breath away, you're a supernova and I'm a 
 I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon 
 And I'm aiming right at you, right at you 
 250,000 miles on a clear night in June 
 And I'm aiming right at you, right at you, right at you 
 I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you I get the shakes 
 My body aches when I ain't, with you I have zero strength 
 There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths 
 Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's 
 Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em, it's never the same 
 You want 'em when they don't want you, soon as they do feelings change 
 It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate 
 I wasn't looking when I stumbled on to you, must have been fate 
 But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take 
 Let's cut to the chase, 'fore the door shuts in your face 
 Promise me, if I cave in and break and leave myself open 
 That I won't be making a mistake, 'cause I'm a 
 I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon 
 And I'm aiming right at you, right at you 
 250,000 miles on a clear night in June 
 And I'm aiming right at you, right at you, right at you 
 So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want 
 But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once 
 I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God 
 I'll blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms 
 Drop to my knees and I'm pleading, I'm trying to stop you from leaving 
 You won't even listen so fuck it, I'm trying to stop you from breathing 
 I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezing 
 Till I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick 
 Ain't no possible reason I could think of 
 To let you walk up out this house and let you live 
 Tears streamed down both of my cheeks, then I let you go and just give 
 And 'fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this 
 And I would've did anything for you 
 To show you how much I adored you 
 But it's over now, it's too late to save our love 
 Just promise me you'll think of me 
 Every time you look up in the sky and see a star, 'cause I'm a 
 I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon 
 And I'm aiming right at you, right at you 
 250,000 miles on a clear night in June 
 And I'm so lost without you, without you, without you
 You know technically, I'm not even supposed to be here right now 
 So fuck it 
 Some of us don't get a second chance 
 Who can catch lightnin' in a bottle, set fire to water 
 Comin' out the nozzle on a fire hose, flyer than swatters 
 (Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man) 
 Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em 
 Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock; take the hands of time and cuff 'em 
 (Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man) 
 There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict 
 I start the bug prick, you better flea 'cause I get ticked 
 It's a wrap; I was down, when I was down I was kicked 
 I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you're tricked 
 It's a trap; fuck my last CD, that shit's in my trash 
 I'll be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass 
 I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last 
 You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes 
 And keep winkin' and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirtin' with death 
 I'm destroyin' your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin' your rep 
 I catch a flow and get goin'; no remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one 
 Knowin' there's nothin' you can do about it 
 Zeroin' on my target like a marksman, the target is you 
 I shut your lane down, took your spot; parked in it, too 
 Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, salivawhat can you do? 
 Go get your crew to hype you up; stand behind you like, wooh 
 That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn Satan, too 
 Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue 
 So you can hate him, he don't blame you; frankly, he would, too 
 This game could ill-afford to lose him; how 'bout you? 
 Now guess who 
 (hey) 
 , here's a clue 
 (hey) 
 He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe 
 It's in your ass (hey), he's in your ass; he's all up in your psyche, too 
 (hey) 
 Now, what's his name? 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella-Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, hey hey 
 If I had a time machine, I'd be 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Music is my time machine so call me 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Fuck catchin' lightnin'; he struck it; screamed "Shut up" at thunder 
 Then flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward 
 (Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man) 
 Rewound the future to the present, paused it, don't ask how 
 Fuck the past, motherfucker; he's the shit right how 
 He's 
 (Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man) 
 Cinderella man, Cinder-fella, Shady Dane 
 Came to wrap the game up in cellophane, raise hell; from hell he came 
 But didn't come to bore ya with the Cinderella story 
 Nor did he come to do the same ol'; can't afford to be a lame-o 
 In this day and age and at this stage of the game 
 Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly 
 So say bye to the old, H-I to the new, Que Sera 
 Consider it his last hurrah, the coup de grace; raise 'em high 
 In the sky, keep 'em out, time to bring the place alive 
 Thanks for bein' patient; I won't make no more mistakes, shit 
 My potatoes baked homie, the veggies on my plate can fly 
 My filet is smokin' weed; yeah, faggot, the stakes are high 
 Shit, I ain't even s'pposed to be here by the grace of God 
 The skin on my teeth and a hair on my nuts, I skated by 
 Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights, I'd hate to lie 
 How fuckin' irritated are you, how much in your face am I? 
 And ain't shit you can do but fear it; Proof is here in spirit 
 And I'm his spittin' image; I mirror it when I stand near it 
 Your pussy lyric, I cunt hear it 
 Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists? 
 Who 
 (hey) 
 , here's a clue 
 (hey) 
 He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe 
 It's in your ass 
 (hey) 
 , he's in your ass; he's all up in your psyche, too 
 (hey) 
 Now, what's his name? 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella-Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, hey hey 
 If I had a time machine, I'd be 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Music is my time machine so call me 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 Yeah, too late 
 I can't keep, chasing you 
 I'm taking my life back 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 I don't think she understands, the sacrifices that I've made 
 Maybe if this bitch had acted right, I would have stayed 
 But I've already wasted over half my life, I would have laid 
 Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain 
 Bitch you, took me for granted took my heart and ran it 
 Straight into the planet, into the dirt I can no longer stand it 
 Now my respect I demand it, I'ma take control of this relationship command it 
 And I'ma be the boss of you now goddammit 
 And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me 
 So you better hear me out, this much you owe me 
 I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you I have stayed 
 Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid 
 Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess 
 Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet 
 Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect 
 I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness 
 And I know that if I end this, I'll no longer have nothin' left 
 But you keep treatin' me like a staircase, it's time to fuckin' step 
 And I won't be comin' back, so don't hold your fuckin' breath 
 You know what you've done, no need to go in depth 
 I told you'd be sorry if I fuckin' left, I'd laugh while you wept 
 How's it feel now, yeah funny ain't it 
 You neglected me, did me a favor though my spirit free you've set 
 But a special place for you, in my heart I have kept, it's unfortunate but it's 
 Too late for the other side 
 (yeah) 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 (can't take no more, can't take no more) 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 I feel like when I bend over 
 (too late) 
 backwards for you, all you do is laugh 
 'Cause that ain't good enough, you expect me to fold myself in half 
 Till I snap, don't think I'm loyal, all I do is rap 
 How can I moonlight on the side, I have no life outside of that 
 Don't I give you enough of my time, you don't think so do you 
 Jealous when I spend time with the girls, why I'm married to you 
 Still man I don't know, but tonight I'm serving you with papers 
 I'm divorcin' you, go marry someone else and make 'em famous 
 And take away their freedom, like you did to me, treat 'em 
 Like you don't need 'em and they ain't worthy of you, feed 'em 
 The same shit that you made me eat, I'm movin' on forget you 
 Oh, now I'm special, I ain't feel special when I was with you 
 All I ever felt was dissed, helplessness, imprisoned by a selfish bitch 
 Chew me up and spit me out, I fell for this so many times, it's ridiculous 
 And still I stick with this, I'm sick of this 
 But in my sickness and addiction, you're addictive as they get 
 Evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em 
 My friends keep askin' me, why I can't just walk away from 'em 
 I'm addicted to the pain the stress the drama, I'm drawn to shit 
 I guess I'm a mess, cursed and blessed 
 But this time I ain't changin' my mind, I'm climbin' out this abyss 
 You're screamin' as I walk out that I'll be missed 
 But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you, you left me off your list 
 Fuck you hip-hop, I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch 
 And it's just 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 (I'm gone man) 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 Too late 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life
 Spoken 
 Yeah, haha, you feel that baby? 
 Yeah I feel it too, damn. 
 You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together. 
 See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I? 
 I'm the American dream, I'm the definition of white trash ballin' 
 I'm right back on 'em with the *rchick-rchick-chicka-chick* 
 I can't call it, same shit different toilet 
 Oh ya, got a nice ass darlin' 
 Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin 
 What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend 
 Lemme tell you the whole story of Shady's origin 
 You'll be sorry, if you slam my Mercedes door again 
 Now, it all started with my father 
 I musta got my pimpin' genes from him, the way he left my mama 
 I'm a rollin' stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama 
 Keep my entourage wit me, baby I make a promise 
 There ain't nobody as bomb as me, I'm calm as the breeze 
 I'm the bee's knees, his legs and his arms 
 I'm a superstar girl, I'm ready for you mama 
 Why you think the only thing I got on is my pajamas 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuervo, first I kiss your navel 
 Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table 
 But you may want to find something more stable 
 I told you I ain't foolin from the gate, this ain't the first day of April 
 But thank you for staying April, I'ma make you 
 Learn to appreciate me, differentiate me 
 From these phony little fishy and sissy fake G's 
 Skip over the huggie bear and all the kissy face please 
 Initiate phase three, missy now service me 
 Take another shot of Jager, shake it so nervously 
 Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby 
 Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady 
 I told you I'm shady, you didn't listen now did ya 
 Relax woman, you know that I'm only kiddin' with ya 
 Got a twisted sense of humor, it's warped but I didn't hit ya 
 I think you're finally startin' to get the picture, I'm just 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Call me dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 So 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Call me dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 So 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 I can hold you in the mornin' 
 But in the evenin' I gotta go 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 'Cause I'm on to the next girl 
 And the next girl I kinda like, oh oh oh 
 I got you caught up in the rapture, make you recapture 
 The feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped ya 
 You never wanted someone so bad you're sweatin' 
 But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed ya 
 Girl don't be so frantic, I'm just a hopeless romantic 
 Don't try to fight the feelin' of something that's so organic 
 You can't ignore it, so don't, just stand before it 
 Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get the cam 'cordin', damn shortie 
 I told you this is bound to happen 
 Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin 
 I was bound to work a number on your back and throw your spine out of alignment 
 My love has got you so blinded, you couldn't pick 
 Amy Winehouse 
 out of a lineup 
 So stop at the store and pick a pint up 
 Let's get the Pineapple Schnapps goin', no one will knock 'cause I'ma hang a sign up 
 Sayin' don't disturb, shorty I'm so superb 
 I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Call me dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 So 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Call me dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 Dynamite, ohh ohh 
 So 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 I can hold you in the mornin' 
 But in the evenin' I gotta go 
 *Chicka-chicka* 
 'Cause I'm on to the next girl 
 And the next girl I kinda like, oh oh oh 
 So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad 
 I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had 
 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again 
 Spoken Outro 
 Ha 
 Dr. Dre 
 2010 
 Lightyears ahead o' you 
 Haha 
 Woo!
 Yeah, can't stop now 
 Maybe the last chance I get 
 You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces 
 You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose 
 Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless 
 There is too much to lose, you can not fill these shoes 
 I just wanna be famous but 
 Be careful what you wish for 
 I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist, they call me Slim Roethlisberger 
 I go berserker than a fed up post office worker 
 A murker wit a Mossberg, I'm pissed off, get murdered 
 Like someone took a ketchup squirter, squirted a frankfurter 
 For a gangster ya sure did shit your pants when you saw 
 That chainsaw get to waivin' like a terrible towel 
 How things turn around when his fangs come out, get your brains blown out 
 That's what I call blowin' your mind, when I cum back like nut on your spine 
 I'm the thumb tack that you slept on, son 
 Now here I come screamin' 'a tac' like I just stepped on one 
 Low on the totem till he showed em defiance, giant scrotum 
 He don't owe them bitches shit, his britches, he out-growed 'em 
 He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole 
 And nobody fucks with him, rigor mortis and post mortem 
 He's dyin' of boredom, take your best rhymes, record 'em 
 To try and thwart em, he'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em 
 Shit stained drawers, you gon' fuck wit a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws 
 While he dips em in P.F. Chang sauce 
 Games off homie, hang it up like some crank calls 
 You think im backin' down, you must be out of your dang skulls 
 I'm almost famous 
 You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces 
 You can not fill these shoes, there is too much to lose 
 Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless 
 There is too much to lose, you can not fill these shoes 
 I just wanna be famous but 
 Be careful what you wish for 
 I'm back for revenge, I lost the battle, that ain't happenin' again 
 I'm at your throat like strep, I step, strapped with a pen 
 Metaphors wrote on my hand, some are just stored in my memory 
 Some are wrote on a napkin, I do what I have to to win 
 Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's 
 Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers 
 And tell that psycho to pass the torch to the wacko 
 'Fore I take a shit in his jack-o-lantern and smash it on his porch 
 Now get off my dick, dick's too short of a word for my dick 
 Get off my anti-disestablishment-arianism, you prick 
 Don't call me the champ, call me the space shuttle destroyer 
 I just blew up the Challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer 
 I just laced my gloves wit enough plaster to make a cast 
 Beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Vern Troyer 
 Y'all are Eminem backwards, your Meni Me's 
 See he's in a whole 'nother weight class, he's slugs, you're bb's 
 You're bean bag bullets, you're full of it, you were dissin' his CD's 
 Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties 
 No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast 
 His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D-R-E 
 He's almost famous 
 You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces 
 You can not fill these shoes, there is too much to lose 
 Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless 
 There is too much to lose, you can not fill these shoes 
 I just wanna be famous but 
 Be careful what you wish for 
 Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls 
 Screamin' the wood off the panelin', cussin' the paint off the walls 
 Spewin' his hate to these haters, showin' no love for these broads 
 He ain't givin' 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard 
 He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark when it scars 
 Till Abraham Lincoln is screamin' out awww 
 His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all 
 If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of suckin' him off 
 They can go get a belt or a necktie to hang themselves by 
 Like David Carradine, they can go fuck themselves and just die 
 And eat shit while they're at it, he's fuckin' had it, he's mad at the whole world 
 So go to Hell and build a snowman, girl 
 The bully's become bullied, if pussies get pushed then they better pull me 
 Take me back to ninth grade to school me 
 'Cause I ain't lookin' back, only forward, this whole spot, blow it 
 Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it 
 And while im being poetic, let me get historic 
 And raise the bar, higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered 
 So bare witness to some biblical shit, there's a cold wind blowin' 
 This world ain't gonna know what hit it, he did it, he made it 
 He's finally famous
 Rihanna 
 : 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
 But that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
 But that's alright because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 Eminem 
 : 
 I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like 
 And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe 
 I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight 
 As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight 
 High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin' paint 
 And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate 
 And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates 
 Me, she fucking hates me and I love it, wait 
 Where you going, I'm leaving you, no you ain't 
 Come back, we're running right back here we go again 
 It's so insane, 'cause when it's going good it's going great 
 I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane 
 But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed 
 I snapped "who's that dude?", I don't even know his name 
 I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again 
 I guess I don't know my own strength 
 Rihanna 
 : 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
 But that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
 But that's alright because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 Eminem 
 : 
 You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with 'em 
 You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em 
 Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah them chills used to get 'em 
 Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em 
 You'd swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em 
 Now you're in each others' face, spewing venom in your words when you spit 'em 
 You push pull each others' hair, scratch claw bit 'em 
 Throw 'em down pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em 
 It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both 
 So they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya 
 'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over 
 It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over 
 But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint 
 You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game 
 But you lied again, now you get to watch her leave out the window 
 Guess that's why they call it window pane 
 Rihanna 
 : 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
 But that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
 But that's alright because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean 
 Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine 
 But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me 
 But when it comes to love, you're just as blinded, baby please 
 Come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me 
 Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems 
 Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
 All I know is I love you too much to walk away though 
 Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk 
 Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk 
 Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball 
 Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall 
 Next time, there will be no next time, I apologize 
 Even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games 
 I just want her back, I know I'm a liar 
 If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire 
 Rihanna 
 : 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
 But that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
 But that's alright because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie
 The days are cold livin' without you 
 The nights are long, im growin' older 
 I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone but you're never over 
 If Proof could see me now, I know he'd be proud 
 Somewhere in me deep down, there's somethin' in me he found 
 That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now 
 You try, it'll be them doors, on Dre's phantom, believe me clowns 
 That means suicide homie 
 You'll never throw me off of this course, blow me 
 Bitch, I do this all for the sport only 
 But I want it all, I'm not just talkin' awards homie 
 And the balls in my court and it's lonely on top of the world 
 When you're the only one with the balls in your shorts 
 To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse 
 Remember that when they get to doggin' your boy, homie 
 So y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna 
 I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues, no stoppin' the force, Obi 
 I'm moppin' the floors with em, I keep tryin' to pass it 
 But they keep on droppin' the torch 
 And it won't be long till this sport is O-V-E-R 
 Just Blaze and me, we are knockin' on doors 
 And no we ain't pumpkins on Halloween 
 But we'll show up on your porch 
 So be careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here so follow me 
 Through the fog like im 
 S-N-Double O-P 
 , let me guide you through the smoke, G 
 If only I wasn't travelin' down this road by my lonely 
 No one who knew me like you will ever know me 
 I don't think you understand how much you meant to me 
 The days are cold livin' without you 
 The nights are long, im growin' older 
 I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone but you're never over 
 And it don't stop, ohhh 
 And it don't quit, ohhh 
 And it don't stop, ohhh 
 And it don't quit, ohhh 
 And I miss you, ohhh 
 I just miss you, ohhh 
 I just miss you, ohhh 
 And homie I'll never forget you, nooo 
 For you, I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life 
 So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite 
 Yeah, it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit hisself 
 Tap dancin' all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself 
 Guess that's the best thing I can do right now, Doody for you is to rep 
 So im gonna fuck till I die, yeah I'ma do it to death 
 And instead of mournin' your death, I'd rather celebrate your life 
 Elevate to new heights, step on the gas and accelerate, I'ma need two mic's 
 'Cause the way I'm feelin' tonight, everything I can just do right 
 There's nothin' that I could do wrong, I'm too strong and im just too hype 
 Just finish the rhyme and bust it 
 Excuse the corny metaphor but they'll never ketchup to all this energy that I've mustard 
 So God just help me out while I fight through this grievin' process 
 Tryin' to process this loss is makin' me nauseous 
 But this depression ain't takin' me hostage 
 I've been patiently watchin' this game 
 Pacin' these hallways, you had faith in me always 
 Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump, rise from these ashes 
 Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards 
 And I'ma show em, blow em out the water, slaughter 'em homes 
 I'ma own so many belts, only place they can hit me is below 'em 
 Homie I know im never gonna be the same without you 
 I never would have came in this game, I'm goin' insane without you 
 Matter fact, it was just the other night, had another dream about you 
 You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew 
 You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you 
 You told me "naw Doody you're not", layin' on that table, I knew 
 I was gonna make it, soon as you said "think of Hailie", I knew 
 There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof 
 Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you 
 Lord, im so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do 
 Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through 
 So homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you, I love you Doody 
 The days are cold livin' without you 
 The nights are long, im growin' older 
 I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone but you're never over 
 And it don't stop, ohhh 
 And it don't quit, ohhh 
 And it don't stop, ohhh 
 And it don't quit, ohhh 
 And I miss you, ohhh 
 I just miss you, ohhh 
 I just miss you, ohhh 
 And homie I'll never forget you, nooo
 Singing with 
 Spoken 
 (You don't own me, don't try to change me) 
 Nah man, not quite finished yet. 
 Girl I think you just mighta tried to pull a mo'fuckin' fast one I'm mad 
 You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had 
 Does this look like an arcade, tryin' to play games, see this saw blade 
 See the silhouette of a stalker in your walkway, better cooperate 
 Or get sauteed and rotisseried, while you're hog-tied 
 MC's get so quiet, you can hear a mo'fuckin' dog whistle when I walk by 
 Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin' Fall Guy 
 I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a mogwai 
 'Cause it will turn into a gremlin and run over kids women and men 
 Vnnn-vnnn motor's so big, you can fit a midget in his engine 
 Bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin', not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin 
 Will I spend spend even ten cents on you since when 
 Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny 
 Shit, if I think a penny's pretty, just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me 
 Eenie-meenie-miney-mo, catch an Eskimo by his toe, while he's trying to roll a snowball 
 But don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers better let him go ya'll 
 'Cause... 
 (You don't own me, don't try to change me) 
 Now here we go, go, go 
 Get up baby get a move on, like a U-Haul, you can rack your brain like pool balls 
 You won't ever think of this shit, yeah honey you called? 
 Well here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it, evil I see hear and speak it 
 Lady put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit 
 Put your eggs in the same basket, you can count every mo'fuckin' chicken 'fore it hatches 
 'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin' 
 Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin', get your brains bashed in 
 So bad you gon' have Kurt Cobain askin' to autograph a bloodstained napkin 
 Unfashionable and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag's asshole 
 Now let's take that line run it up the flag pole with 
 Elton 
 See if he's cool with it, don't stand there and look stupid at 
 Me bitch, I ain't in the mood for this shit, get my dick, Google it 
 Till it pops up, ya'll are so motherfuckin' full of shit that you've stopped up 
 Me, I'm always shittin' diarrhea of the mouth, till your speakers crap out, *fart* Ohp what 
 Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette, "Chik-Chigarette" 
 But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me, so do not strut my way slut 
 Because... 
 (You don't own me, don't try to change me) 
 Now here we go, go, go 
 And now that I got your panties in a bunch, and your bowels in an uproar 
 I'ma show you why I came, so you stop askin' me what the fuck for 
 Now look you little slut cunt whore, I know you want more 
 Bitch it's time to put the math back in the Mathers, 'cause I'm a fuckin' problem, run boy 
 Every flow got it mastered, so every last word that you fuckin' fags heard 
 Comes straight from the fishes ass, yeah in other words I'm a bass-turd 
 Lookin' at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank yeah still plenty 
 No morals are instilled in me, so remorse I really don't feel any 
 Eat your heart out Hannibal, understandable why you're jealous, fuck an animal 
 I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya ho? 
 Shady I don't understand your flow, understand my flow, bitch I flow like Troy 
 Polamalu's hair boy, don't you dare try to follow or compare boy 
 I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare, stay the fuck outta my hair boy 
 You can look, you can stare point, but you can't touch, I'm too clairvoyant 
 I don't get it man is there a void, all this weak shit, what am I steroids 
 Well bitch I'm back, with some shit for that ass, and your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids 
 And remember boys... 
 (You don't own me, don't try to change me) 
 Now here we go, go, go 
 Spoken 
 Thank you for coming out 
 Hope you enjoyed the show 
 Till next time 
 Haha 
 Peace
 Aw man, yeah 
 You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight 
 And people that you don't even know jump in? 
 You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, your pissed 
 You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this 
 You're bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away 
 I'm splitting your shit wide open, no stitches could save 
 So die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way 
 You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid 
 Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say isn't this great 
 On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate 
 They're starting to take place in the middle of the street 
 Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat 
 Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene, but it's too late It's absolute pandemonium, whisked away 
 In a ambulance is your fate, nothing nobody told you when you- Left your house today coulda made you anticipate 
 Such an ass whooping, okay, till the anger dissipates 
 You get punched in the face, reciprocate 
 [Chorus x2] So what the deal, ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a-mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
 I said... 
 You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case 
 Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies 
 You better go get your mace 'cause shady said so You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face 
 That's how fucking rowdy you feel, now do you still wanna grill? 
 If you don't wanna get the shit beat outta you, chill 
 'Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill 
 I got a couple of drinks here and I'm bound to refill 
 Girl howdy, how do you feel ma? 
 This cocksucker did not spill my drink, Oh HELL no He must be tryna kill my buzz, I will not budge 
 And what the deal ridaz? 
 Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat 
 That's probably a record yeah, you wasn't expecting that 
 'Cause they want in on the act, there's a cognac- Bottle, we snuck it in 'cause the beer that they were serving here was only tap 
 I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts 
 You're frightened like this guy might hurt me You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder 
 Play smarter, you may start a rumble you need a chainsaw to 
 Dig your way out of, go powder your nose- Pussy the harder you yell, the harder I slap the shit out of you hoes 
 You set it off faggot, so now how do you spose- We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes 
 It's shear hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles 
 We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us 
 And adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing 
 Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing, my signatures, ligature marks 
 Look at you all big with your remarks, and I swing an icepick at your heart 
 At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart 
 And dig at you and break you down like the bitch that you are 
 The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car 
 The pain inflicted upon you, it's so sick, it's bizarre 
 Shit, this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far 
 As having me wanna rip out your frickin ligaments ARGH! 
 You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails, for that- You catch an open-hand slap, like a female, like BAP! 
 In fact, I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves Where's D12, I don't feel like doing this by myself
 Ladies and gentlemen make some noise. 
 Aww shit, yeah. 
 Y'all ready to get this shit started or what? 
 Aiight, well I brought some friends with me too. 
 Eminem 
 Now I ain't back just for the sake of saying I'm back 
 I could relax, but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks 
 Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black-out and 
 Relapse till I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac (Woo!) 
 Burp bubbles, attitudes immature and double shot of Bacardi, party vision is blurrin' 
 Whoa-oh! I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin' 
 Uh oh! You can call me R. Kelly, now urine/you're in 
 Trouble! 
 What's accurin' before, after, and durin' the show 
 There's no bearin' on the bad news I'm bearin', whoa 
 What is it wordplay? No, I'm pushin' you out the do' 
 So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow 
 Now stomp your fuckin' feet till you get to squishin' a ho 
 Its pandemo-nium standin' O when you see him (Oh!) 
 Damn, baby you look good, you givin' me wood 
 You should, pull over like a sweatshirt with a hood 
 Let's network, get our poly on, you and me both break bread 
 While I'm coppin' over this game to pinch a loaf 
 Now homie, who's your favorite pain in the ass 
 Who claims to be spittin' the same flames as me 
 I'm 
 Kanye 
 when he crashed 
 In other words, I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas 
 Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn air bags on the dash 
 Went through 'em and laughed 
 Came back an hour after the accident and bit a God-damn Jawbreaker in half 
 So stop fakin' the funk and start shakin' ya ass 
 Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap 
 And Just Blaze on the track 
 What the fucks more amazin' then that, slut? Answer me that 
 Royce 
 where you at 
 Royce da 5'9" 
 I'm right here fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers 
 To pry apart you, lump on your head designed by a bar stool 
 Designed by a cartoon, before I need to be hired 
 Jimmy Io' fire Marshall 
 The 9 tucked against the linin' 
 I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69in' 
 It's like Rick James is shooting up your house, nigga 
 [Rapid gunfire] "FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA!" 
 You screaming 'fuck the world' with your middle finger up 
 While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud 
 My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit for murder 
 Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel the OJ, the Glove 
 I got a Posse of Insane Clowns, blow your brains on your opposite ear 
 Then ask you how your brain sounds 
 Bad, evil, we go Alfred E. Newman, mad cerebral, you on your last burrito 
 (What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eating 
 Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern 
 Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touching that 
 Good day and good night, Ortiz, yo where the fuck you at 
 Joell Ortiz 
 I'm right here; my Nike Airs buzz light years ahead of my mic peers 
 Quite scary to look at, a nightmare, where my book at I write fear 
 In the heart of you tight squares, I harbor the art of "You Nice" wear 
 It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear 
 Uncle Al's breath after polishin' off his ninth beer... 
 Homie chill, listen, I swear, I'm God, I give tracks a holy feel/Holyfield 
 And they bite ears... 
 I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? Just waiting to be hooked to IV's 
 It's Mumm-Ra's well when you look at my pee 
 And this joint? (No exception) So just point (A direction) 
 And record the pig's oink (When I rip his intestines) 
 This isn't just an infection; this won't go away with penicillin injections 
 Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection 
 What I exhibit, seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it 
 Aww, shit it I did it again when I lit up this pen, I emitted this phlegm 
 This time it's along side it Em-in-em 
 So tell a friend to tell a friend, bite a disgusting hook 
 Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is 
 Crook 
 Crooked I 
 I'm right here letting the shotty pop, quick as a karate chop 
 Get your body shot, get your top chopped like a lollipop 
 Colored Maserati drop, in a body shop 
 Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molliwopped (Geah!) 
 I take your life to the 9th innin' 
 A knife in a gunfight... I love it, me and my knife winnin' 
 I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny 
 I buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money 
 Man, all the bitches holla 
 They wanna drop my britches than jaw my dick to swallow 
 Leave drawers in this Impala, I ball like Iguodala 
 I bear more arms than 6 koalas (uh) As soon as I draw get sent to Allah 
 Bi-linguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Attila the Hun, I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn 
 I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con 
 A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam (Blaow!) 
 Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, a sound flyin', we do what you try to do without trying 
 (Slaughterhouse!) 'Cause to us it's so easy, where's... "Jump-off" Joe Beezy
 It's like I'm in this dirt digging up old hurt 
 Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work 
 All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it 
 Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off 
 And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search 
 Maybe I needed to grow up a little first 
 Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt 
 But I'm coming for closure 
 Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for 
 The way that you turned your back on me 
 Just when I may have needed you most 
 Oh, you thought it was over 
 You could just close the chapter 
 And go about your life, like it was nothing 
 You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine 
 Well, I've never recovered but tonight betcha that whatcha 
 'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered 
 Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice 
 Can I hold grudges? Mind saying "let it go, fuck this" 
 Heart's saying "I will once I bury this bitch alive. 
 Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset" 
 I flee the scene, like it was my last ride 
 You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time 
 You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify 
 What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 Follow me I run, I run, follow me, follow me 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch 
 To think it was you at one time I worshiped? Shit 
 Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it? 
 Not this time, you better go and get sewing kit, bitch 
 Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, knit wit 
 Thought some time would pass and I'd forget it? Forget it 
 You left our family in shambles 
 And you expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed? 
 Maybe gone, but he's not forgotten 
 And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long 
 That I've stopped the plotting and still ain't coming to get ya 
 You're wrong and that shit was rotten 
 And the way you played him's same shit you did to me, cold 
 Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through 
 ? 
 Feelings I harbor, all this pent-up resentment I hold on to 
 Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing 
 Letters, you don't respond to 'em 
 Fuck it, I'm coming to see you 
 And gee, who better to talk to than you? 
 The cause of my problems 
 My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you 
 Poof, then I'm gone, voosh 
 I flee the scene, like it was my last ride 
 You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time 
 You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify 
 What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 Follow me I run, I run, follow me, follow me 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 I've been driving around your side of this town 
 Like nine fricking hours and forty-five minutes now 
 Finally I found your new address, park in your drive 
 Feel like I've been waiting on this moment all of my life 
 And it's now arrived and my mouth is fulla saliva 
 My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house 
 See, it's sad it came to this point 
 Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya 
 But I ain't here for your empathy, I don't need your apology 
 Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek 
 So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window 
 Like I reach my full potential, I peeked 
 Continue to peep, still bent low then 
 Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo 
 Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch 
 Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this 
 You don't plan for intruders beforehand? 
 Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue? 
 Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hacked up a lung 
 Like you picked an axe up and swung 
 Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk 
 By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh? 
 Now who's a faggot, you punk? 
 And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck 
 It's just me, you and the music now, Slim 
 I hope you hear it, we're in a car right now 
 Wait, here comes my favorite lyric 
 "I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die" 
 And hey, here's the sequel to my Mathers LP 
 Just to try to get people to buy 
 Well, how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun 
 Last album now, 'cause after this you'll be officially done 
 Eminem killed by M and M 
 Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials 
 I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it 
 Since you're in love with your city so much I figured what the fuck 
 The best place you could be buried alive is right here 
 Two more exits, time is quite near 
 Hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear 
 That sirens I hear? Guess ninety on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea 
 As cops appear in my driver's side mirror 
 (Oh, God, police, ah) 
 Hope Fox Trot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot 
 New plan Stan 
 Slim "chauvinist pig, drove in this big, Lincoln Town Car" 
 Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge, ha ha big bro it's for you 
 Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, oh hope you can swim good 
 Now say you hate homos again 
 I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend 
 I'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in 
 I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen 
 Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin 
 Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in 
 When they say all of this is approaching its end 
 But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go, all over again 
 Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds, toilets clogged 
 Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up 
 But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers 
 After the track is demolished, "I am your lack of a conscience" 
 I'm the ringing in your ears, I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils 
 Eating your vocal chords after your concerts 
 I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged 
 Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow 
 I'm the bullies you hate that you became 
 With every faggot you slaughtered 
 Coming back on ya every woman you insult 
 Batter but the double standard you have when it comes to your daughters 
 I represent everything you take for granted 
 'Cause Marshall Mathers the rappers persona's half a facade and 
 Matthew and Stan's just symbolic of you not knowing what you have till it's gone 
 'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name 
 Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them 
 I'm the hindsight to say, I told you so 
 Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow 
 I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow 
 If you don't stop after they call ya 
 Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits 
 When it's time to walk away 
 I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have 
 But as you gather up all your possessions 
 If there's anything you have left to say 
 Less it makes an impact then don't bother 
 So 'fore you rest your case 
 Better make sure you're packing a wallop 
 So, one last time, I'm back 
 'Fore it fades into black and it's all over 
 Behold the final chapter in a saga 
 Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle 
 Twice the magic that started it all 
 Tragic portrait of an artist tortured 
 Trapped in his own drawings 
 Tap into thoughts 
 Blacker and darker than anything imaginable 
 Here goes a wild stab in the dark 
 Uh, as we pick up where the last Mathers left off
 (don't kill me) 
 Thank you! 
 Go, go, go (what the fuck?) 
 What the fuck are you doing? 
 Motherfucker bail on me? Fuck! 
 Aw, you gotta be fucking kidding me 
 Are you fucking kidding me? 
 Shit! 
 Get off 
 The parking lot 
 Shit, ah 
 (Let me see your hands, prank's over) 
 Fuck it
 (What's your name?) 
 Marshall 
 (Who's your daddy?) 
 I don't have one 
 My mother reproduced like a Komodo dragon 
 And had me on the back of a motorcycle 
 Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap, I'm loco 
 It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun 
 Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum 
 About to explode all over the canvas 
 Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm 
 (Your music usually has them) 
 (But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't) 
 (Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan) 
 A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining 
 But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and 
 Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting 
 Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk 
 Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog 
 Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on, (oh..) 
 It's on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote, I write small 
 (It says) Ever since I drove a '79 Lincoln with white walls 
 Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to die hard 
 So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card 
 Hip hop ain't dying on my watch 
 But sometimes, when Im sleeping 
 She comes to me in my dreams 
 Is she taken? Is she mine? 
 Dont got, dont care, dont have two shits to give 
 Let me take you by the hand to promise land 
 And threaten everyone 
 'Cause theres no rhyme or no reason for nothing, nah 
 (What's your name?) Marshall 
 (Whos your daddy?) I dont know him, but I wonder 
 (Is he rich like me?) Haha 
 (Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?) 
 No 
 If he had, he wouldnt have ended up in these rhymes on my pad 
 I wouldnt be so mad, my attitude wouldnt be so bad, yeah, dad 
 I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens 
 When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and 
 Makes you want to get up and start dancing 
 Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens to be rapping 
 Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank 
 Lamping in my K-Mart mansion, Im in the style department 
 With a pile in my car, ripping the aisle apart 
 With great power comes absolutely no responsibility for content 
 Completely, despondent, and condescending 
 The king of nonsense and controversy is on a 
 Beat killing spree, your honor, I must, plead 
 Guilty, cause I sparked a, revolution 
 Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap 
 To take it to the next level, boost it 
 But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it 
 (Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me? 
 'Cause I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns 
 That don't honk but every time I speak you hear a beep? 
 But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper 
 Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch 
 'Cause it's the 
 Time of the season 
 When hate runs high 
 And this time, won't give it to you easy 
 When I take back what's mine with pleasured hands 
 And torture everyone, that is my plan 
 My job here isn't done 
 'Cause theres no rhyme or no reason for nothing, so 
 (What's your name?) Shady 
 (Whos your daddy?) I dont give a fuck, but I wonder 
 (Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha 
 (Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?) 
 So yeah, dad let's walk 
 Let's have us a father and son talk 
 But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block 
 Without me knocking your block off 
 This is all your fault 
 Maybe that's why I'm so bananas 
 I appeal to all those walks of life 
 Whoever had strife 
 Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like 
 'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America 
 When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles 
 Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again 
 It's hysterical, I chuckle 
 'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles 
 Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckleheads 
 The sound of my hustle says don't knock 
 The doors broken it won't lock 
 It might just fly open, get cold cocked 
 You critics come pay to me a visit 
 Misery loves company, please stay a minute 
 Kryptonite to a hypocrite 
 Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it 
 Too busy getting stoned in your glass house 
 To kick rocks, and you wonder why I lash out 
 Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers 
 Spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion till I'm passed out 
 A completely brain dead Rain Man 
 Doing a bankhead in a restraint chair 
 So bitch, if you shoot me a look it better be a blank stare 
 Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than 
 All eight of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef 
 'Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah 
 Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look 
 For a fucking reason for it that ain't there 
 But I still am a criminal 
 Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals 
 The last Mathers LP that went diamond 
 This time I'm predicting this one will go emerald 
 When will the madness end, how can it when 
 There's no method the pad and pen 
 The only message that I have to say is: 
 Dad, I'm back at it again 
 Bitch
 Pick up the god dang phone 
 Bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday? 
 With who you say? 
 I wasn't at the studio 
 Bitch what'd you do, screw Dre? 
 You went there looking for me? 
 Ooh, that excuse is too lame 
 Keep playing me you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg 
 You fake, lying slut you never told me you knew Drake 
 Que Lupe? You want to lose two legs 
 You try to flip this on me? 
 If I spent more time with you, you say 
 "Ok yeeah, Im coo-coo, hey?" Well, screw you 
 And Id be the third person who screwed you today 
 Oh, four? Dre, Drake, Lupe? Ooh touch 
 You were too two-faced for me 
 Thought you was my number one 
 True BlueAce but you ain't 
 And I can see you and you make that little boo-boo face 
 'Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo 
 You make my fucking Bluetooth ache 
 You feeling blue too late 
 Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurfin' puke blue Kool Aid 
 Here's what you say to someone you hate 
 My life will be so much better if you just dropped dead 
 I was laying in bed last night thinking 
 And this thought just popped in my head and I thought 
 Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead 
 (dead) 
 I would feel so (so) much (much) better 
 (better, better, better) 
 Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brim 
 Hop on the freeway trying to get some time alone and just think 
 Then the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em 
 I'm only driving drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink 
 I'm back on my fuck hoes but a whole new hatred for blondes 
 But bias I hate all bitches the same, baby come on 
 Excuse the pun but bitch you're such a broad statement 
 And I'm channeling my anger through every single station it's on 
 'Cause a woman broke my hea-art, I say hea-art 
 'Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts 
 And threw it in the garbage, who do you think you a-are? 
 Bitch guess it's time for me to get the dust off 
 And pick myself up off the carpet 
 But I'll never say the L-word again 
 I la-la-la-la lesbian, aah 
 I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest 
 My life's be so much better if you just 
 My life will be so much better if you just dropped dead 
 (dead) 
 I was laying in bed last night thinking 
 And this thought just popped in my head and I thought 
 Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead 
 (dead) 
 I would feel so (so) much (much) better 
 (better, better, better) 
 'Cause you told me you love me, forever 
 Bitch, that was a lie 
 I never wanted someone to die 
 So bad in my fucking life 
 But fuck it, there's other fish in the sea 
 And I'mma have a whale of a time 
 Being a single sailor for the night 
 Bitch on a scale of 1 to 10, shit 
 I must be the holy grailer 
 Catch this ho I got an Oscar attached to my fucking name 
 (great) 
 I might hit the club on a chica's tail, uh 
 Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back and hammer the nailer 
 These bitches tryna get atached with the failer 
 And latch him to the tail of my bumper to scratch them with the back of my trailer 
 Like I'm itchin' to get hitched 
 Yeah, I'm rich as a bitch but bitches ain't shit 
 I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch 
 Bitch you complain when you listen to this 
 But you still throw yourself at me 
 That's what I call pitchin' a bitch 
 That's why I'm swinging at this chicks on sight 
 Long as I got a bat and two balls, it's foul 
 But my dick's on strike so all that love shit is null and void 
 Bitch I'm a droid, I void cupid stupid wasn't for blowjobs you'd be unemployed 
 Oi oi oi man oh man you boy boy boys 
 Getting sick at these girls girls girls 
 Oink oink oink, you fucking pigs 
 All you good boys doink doink doink 
 I got 99 problems and the bitch ain't one 
 She's all 99 of them I need a machine gun 
 I take em all out I hope you hear this song 
 And go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack 
 And just drop dead and I'mma throw a fucking party after this 'cause 
 My life will be so much better if you dropped dead 
 (I hate you) 
 I was laying in bed last night thinking 
 And this thought just popped in my head and I thought 
 Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead 
 (dead) 
 I would feel so (so) much (much) better 
 (better, better, better) 
 I'm just playing bitch, you know I love you
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So take it all 
 Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared 
 I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there 
 In the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends 
 It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fuck an acronym 
 Cut the fucking act like you're happy I'm fucking back again 
 With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end? 
 It ain't over till I say it's over, enough when I say enough 
 Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up 
 I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves 
 When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivated it 
 Raise your hands up like it's twelve noon, nah, homie 
 Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em till you dislocate a rotator cuff 
 Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos 
 I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So take it all 
 I can see the finish line with each line that I finish 
 I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post 
 And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough 
 To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what? 
 They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath 
 I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust 
 Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust 
 So floor's open if you'd like to discuss 
 Top 5 in this mothafucka and if I don't make the cut 
 What, like I give a fuck, I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck 
 into the side of a pump, zero to 60 hop in and gun it 
 Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up 
 And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut 
 And I look like I might just give up, eh you might've mistook 
 Me for bowing out, I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself 
 With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt 
 'Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut 
 I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut 
 'Cause I'mma fight till I die or win 
 Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait 
 Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting 
 Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut 
 It's survival of what? 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So take it all 
 So get your ideas, stack your ammo 
 But don't come unless you come to battle, I'm mad now jump in the saddle 
 This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit 
 Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this 
 Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick 
 I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit 
 Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth 
 It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit 
 But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do 
 'Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit 
 So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trades 
 So you'd better trade your fucking mics in for some toolboxes 
 Cause you'll never take my pride from me 
 It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers 
 But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to believe 
 Cause this is something that I must use to succeed 
 And if you don't like me then fuck you 
 Self esteem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof cause trust me 
 My skin is too thick and bul-let proof to touch me 
 I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be 
 Allergic to failure 'cause every time I come close to it, I just sneeze 
 But I just go atchoo then achieve 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So take it all 
 So take it all
 Polina 
 : 
 Tell me where to go, tell me what to do 
 I'll be right there for you 
 Tell me what to say, no matter if it's true 
 I'll say it all for you 
 Eminem 
 : 
 I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling 
 Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian? 
 What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in? 
 'Cause I don't belong in this world thats why I'm scoffing 
 At authority, defiant often, flying off at 
 The handle at my mom, no dad, So Im non-com- 
 -pliant at home, at school Im just shy and awkward 
 And I dont need no goddamn psychologist 
 Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems 
 Thinking he can try and solve 'em 
 I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk 
 And in the front drive talking to myself 
 Either that or inside hiding off in 
 The corner somewhere quiet, trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing 
 I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking 
 Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker 'cause he said that I eyeballed him 
 Polina 
 : 
 And if you fall, I'll get you there 
 I'll be your savior from 
 All the wars that are fought inside your world 
 Please have faith in my words 
 'Cause this is my legacy, legacy, eh 
 This is my legacy, legacy, eh 
 Theres no guarantee, its not up to me, you can only see 
 This is my legacy, legacy 
 Legacy, legacy 
 Eminem 
 : 
 I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling 
 Why am I so differently wired in my noggin 
 'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling 
 'Cause I obsess on everything, in my mind small shit 
 Bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara 
 Then split, but I dont give a shit I'm fine long as 
 There's batteries in my Walkman nothing is the matter with me 
 Shit look on the bright side, at least I ain't walking 
 I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment 
 Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts 
 That I find in the garbage, a frame then put tires on it 
 Headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try an' start shit 
 But if this is all there is for me life offers 
 Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense 
 But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience 
 What about them rhymes I've been jottin' they're kinda giving me confidence 
 Instead of tryin' to escape through my comics 
 Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx? 
 To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that 
 Say what I wanna say to that kid that said that I eyeballed him 
 Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch 
 Who woulda knew from the moment I turned the mic on that 
 I could be iconic in my conquest 
 That's word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest 
 Polina 
 : 
 This is my legacy, legacy, eh 
 This is my legacy, legacy, eh 
 Theres no guarantee, its not up to me, you can only see 
 This is my legacy, legacy 
 Legacy, legacy 
 Eminem 
 : 
 I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling 
 Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome 
 'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work 
 Words like this and connect lines like crosswords 
 And use my enemy's words as strength 
 To try and draw from, and get inspired off 'em 
 'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit 
 By you whack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit 
 Now you shut up bitch, I am talking 
 Thought I was full of horseshit and now you fucking worship the ground on which I am walking 
 Me against the world so what, I'm Brian Dawkins 
 Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions' offense 
 So bring on the Giants, Falcons, and Miami Dolphins 
 It's the body bag game, bitch I'm supplying coffins 
 'Cause you dicks butt-kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers 
 You gon' die a ball-licker 
 I've been diabolical with this dialogue since '99 Rawkus 
 You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can 
 Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass 
 In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage 
 The most high exalting and I ain't halting 
 Till I die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes 
 The best part about me is I am not you 
 I'm me, and I'm the fire marshal and 
 Polina 
 : 
 This is my legacy, legacy, eh 
 This is my legacy, legacy, eh 
 Theres no guarantee, its not up to me, you can only see 
 This is my legacy, legacy 
 Legacy, legacy
 I came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain 
 An asshole, that role I think I succeed in fulfilling 
 But don't think I ever stopped to think I was speaking to children 
 Everything was happening so fast 
 It was like I blinked, sold three million 
 Then it all went blank, all I remember 
 Is feeling ridiculous cause I was getting sick of this feeling 
 Like I'm always under attack man 
 I could have stacked my shit list to the ceiling 
 Women dish him but really thinking 
 If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him 
 Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite 
 When I'm ripping shit, but since when did this many 
 People ever give a shit but I had to say, it's just my opinion 
 If it contradicts how I'm living 
 Put a dick in your rear end and guess what 
 Every time you mention a lyric, I thank you for it 
 For drawing more attention toward it 
 Cause it gave me an enormous platform of platitude 
 Thought I was that important 
 But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect 
 And battle for it, mad awards, act paranoid 
 Attaboy, they told me to slow down and I just zone out 
 Good luck trying to convince a blonde 
 That's like telling Gwen Stefan' that she sold out 
 'Cause I was tryna leave, no doubt 
 In anyone's mind one day I'd go down 
 In history think they know now because everybody knows 
 Everybody knows that you're just an asshole 
 Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows 
 Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice 
 There's no place you can hide 
 You are just an asshole 
 Everyone knows, everyone knows 
 Thanks for the support, asshole 
 Thanks for the support, asshole 
 Quit acting salty, I was counting on you to count me out as Asher Roth 
 When he round-a-bout dissed me to shout me out 
 Thought I was history 
 But goddamn, honkey, that compliment's like backhanding a donkey 
 Good way to get your ass socked in the mouth 
 Lay'em off it 
 But what the fuck is all this thrash talking about 
 The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me 
 You knock me down, I went down for the count 
 I fell but the fans caught me, and now 
 You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me 
 To take my belt, word to Pacquiao 
 Mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about 
 Gotta go in that ring and knock them out 
 Or you better not come out 
 It's poetry in motion, like Freddie Roach when he's quoting Shakespeare 
 So what if the insults are revolting 
 Even Helen Keller knows life stinks 
 You think it's a joke till you're bullet riddled 
 But you should give little shit what I think 
 This whole world is a mess 
 Gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest, and a Glock 
 Just to go out watch Batman 
 Who needs a test to test the testicles, not that man 
 Half of you don't got the guts and intestinal blockage 
 Rest of you got lap bands stuck to this model 
 Before they put bath salts and all those water bottles in Colorado 
 So get lost, Waldo 
 My soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping 
 A black hole that I'm swallowing this track whole 
 With a pack torn of paper 
 But I'm not taking no crap, ho 
 Here I go down the back pole 
 And I'm changing back into that old maniac in fact there it go 
 Trying to dip through the back door retreating 'cause everybody knows 
 Everybody knows that you're just an asshole 
 Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows 
 Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice 
 There's no place you can hide 
 You are just an asshole 
 Everyone knows, everyone knows 
 Holy mackerel, I'm the biggest jerk on the planet earth 
 I smack the girl off the mechanical bull, then attract the bull 
 Thinkin' we have some magnetic pull 
 Screamin' ICP in this bitch, how do magnets work!? 
 'Cause you're attractive, but we ain't attractable 
 Hate to be dramatical, but I'm not romantical 
 I'm making up words you can understandable, It's tragical 
 Thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen? That ain't practical 
 You crackin' a joke, it's laughable 
 'Cause me and love's like a bad combination 
 I keep them feelings locked in a vault 
 So it's safe to say I'm uncrackable 
 My heart is truly guarded, full body armor 
 Bitch you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you're special, you're retarded 
 Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina 
 You're a train wreck, I got a one track mind 
 Shorty you're fine but you sort of remind me of a 49er 
 'Cause you been a gold digger since you were a minor 
 Been tryina hunt me down like a dog, 'cause you're on my ass 
 But you can't get a scent because all of my spare time is spent 
 With my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin' 
 Only women that I love are my daughters 
 And sometimes I rhyme and it sounds like I forget I'm a father 
 And I push it farther 
 So father forgive me if I forget to draw the line 
 It's apparent I shouldn't of been a parent I'll never grow up 
 So to hell with your parents and motherfucking Father Time 
 And it ain't never gonna stop 
 A pessimist who transforms you to Optimus in his prime 
 So even if I'm half dead, I'm half alive 
 Throw all my half empty glass in a cup, now my cup is runneth over 
 And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster 
 I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky, and can't not been? rude off? 
 So fear not my dear and dry up your teardrops, I'm here, white America's mirror 
 So I feel awkward and weird, you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too 
 You shouldn't be as shocked, because everybody knows 
 Everybody knows that you're just an asshole 
 Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows 
 Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice 
 There's no place you can hide 
 You are just an asshole 
 Everyone knows, everyone knows
 Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack 
 Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch 
 I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back 
 That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the rag 
 Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it 
 Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets 
 Got 'em still on the fence ready to pick it 
 But quick get impaled when I tell 'em stick it 
 So sick I'm looking pale, well that's my pigment 
 'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick 
 Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch 
 The art of the MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren 
 And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch 
 Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch 
 Take your shoes off, let your hair down and go berserk 
 All night long 
 Grow your beard out, just weird out and go berserk 
 All night long 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m. 
 So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So 
 (everybody, everybody) (go berserk) 
 (Grab your vile and--) 
 Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it? 
 Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced 
 So I guess it ain't 
 That aftershave or cologne that made them just faint 
 Plus I just showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint 
 So if love is a chess game, check mate 
 But girl your body's banging, jump me in, bang -- bang, bang 
 Yessiree Bob I was thinking the same thing 
 So come get on this kids rock, baw wit da baw, bang bang 
 P-p-p-pow pow chicka wow wow 
 Catch a cab, I wanna go down, br-bow-bow 
 Slow it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel towel 
 Dumb it down, I don't know how, how, how, how 
 At least I know that I don't know 
 Question is are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid 
 Hope so, now ho 
 Take your shoes off, let your hair down and go berserk 
 All night long 
 Grow your beard out, just weird out and go berserk 
 All night long 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m. 
 So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So 
 (everybody, everybody) (go berserk) 
 (Grab your vile and--) 
 They say that love is powerful as cough syrup and Styrofoam 
 All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo 
 With the ugly Kardashian 
 Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low 
 Bars hard, drugs hard thought that's the past 
 But I done did enough codeine to knock future into tomorrow 
 And girl I ain't got no money to borrow 
 But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone, car note 
 Oh, Marshall Mathers shouldnt everybody know 
 Get the bar soap lathered, came ghost and called Arthurs Cargo's 
 Girl youre fixin' to get your heart broke, dont be absurd man 
 You bird-brained baby I aint called anybody baby since Birdman 
 Unless youre a swallow 
 Word, w-word man you heard, but dont be discouraged girl 
 This is your jam, unless you got toe jam 
 Take your shoes off, let your hair down and go berserk 
 All night long 
 Grow your beard out, just weird out and go berserk 
 All night long 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m. 
 So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So 
 (everybody, everybody) (go berserk) 
 (Grab your vile and--) 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m. 
 So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say fuck it before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So 
 (everybody, everybody) (go berserk) 
 (Grab your vile and--)
 Look, I was gonna go easy on you, not to hurt your feelings 
 But I'm only going to get this one chance 
 Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) 
 Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what 
 If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble  big trouble 
 And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances 
 You are just what the doc ordered 
 I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God 
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod 
 Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slapbox, slapbox? 
 They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot 
 But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes 
 I got a laptop in my back pocket 
 My pen'll go off when I half-cock it 
 Got a fat knot from that rap profit 
 Made a living and a killing off it 
 Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office 
 With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sack 
 I'm an MC still as honest 
 But as rude and indecent as all hell 
 Syllables skill-a-holic 
 (Kill 'em all with) 
 This slickety-gippety-hippity-hip-hop 
 You don't really wanna get into a pissing match with this rappity-rap 
 Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac, backpack rap, yap-yap, yacketty-yack 
 And now at the exact same time 
 I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that 
 I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table 
 Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half 
 Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact 
 How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attack 
 Rappers are having a rough time period, here's a maxi-pad 
 It's actually disastrously bad for the wack 
 While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece, yeah 
 'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God 
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod 
 Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slapbox, slapbox? 
 Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard 
 Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got 
 Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance 
 Everybody loves to root for a nuisance 
 Hit the earth like an asteroid, I did nothing but shoot for the moon since 
 *pew* 
 MCs get taken to school with this music 
 'Cause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme 
 Now I lead a new school full of students 
 Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N- 
 -W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim 
 Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up, and be in a position 
 To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them into the motherfuckin' Rock n' 
 Roll Hall of Fame 
 Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames 
 Only Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fame 
 On the wall of shame 
 You fags think it's all a game till I walk a flock of flames 
 Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinking? 
 Little gay looking boy 
 So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy 
 You witnessing a massacre 
 Like you watching a church gathering take place looking boy 
 Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy 
 You get a thumbs up, pat on the back 
 And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy 
 Hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy? 
 I get a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy 
 I'mma work for everything I have 
 Never asked nobody for shit, get out my face looking boy 
 Basically boy you're never gonna be capable 
 Of keeping up with the same pace looking boy 
 'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God 
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod 
 The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar 
 Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God 
 Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard 
 So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent 
 Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin' 
 And I should not be woken 
 I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating 
 But I got your mom deep throating 
 I'm out my Ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle 
 I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil 
 It's me, my honesty's brutal 
 But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though 
 For good at least once in a while 
 So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle 
 Enough rhymes to maybe try to help get some people through tough times 
 But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case 'cause even you unsigned 
 Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime 
 I know there was a time where once I 
 Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind 
 So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine 
 Appeal with the skin color of mine 
 You get too big and here they come trying to censor you 
 Like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP 
 One where I tried to say I'd take seven kids from Columbine 
 Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine 
 See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm 
 Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal 
 You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though 
 And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for 
 You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows 
 You write normal, fuck being normal 
 And I just bought a new raygun from the future 
 To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad 
 'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Maywhethers pad 
 Singin' to a man while he played piano 
 Man, oh, man, that was the 24/7 special on the cable channel 
 So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day 
 "Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you" 
 Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, JJ Fad 
 Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human 
 What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman 
 Innovative and I'm made of rubber 
 So that anything you say is ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you 
 I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating 
 How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating 
 Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting 
 For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating 
 'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated 
 I make elevating music, you make elevator music 
 Oh, he's too mainstream 
 Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it 
 It's not hip-hop, it's pop, 'cause I found a hella way to fuse it 
 With rock, shock rap with Doc 
 Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it 
 I don't know how to make songs like that 
 I don't know what words to use 
 Let me know when it occurs to you 
 While Im ripping any one of these verses diverse as you 
 Its curtains, Im inadvertently hurtin' you 
 How many verses I gotta murder to prove 
 That if you were half as nice, your songs and you could sacrifice virgins too 
 School flunky, pill junky 
 But look at the accolades these skills brung me 
 Full of myself, but still hungry 
 I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to 
 And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues 
 But it's still tongue and cheek, fuck you 
 I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat 
 Bumping Heavy D. & The Boyz, still chunky, but funky 
 But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling 
 Angels fight with devils and here's what they want from me 
 They asking me to eliminate some of the women hate 
 But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had 
 Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation 
 Understand the discrimination 
 But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then 
 But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then? 
 Don't mistake it for Satan 
 It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas 
 And take a vacation to trip a broad 
 And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard 
 Be a king? Think not 
 Why be a king when you can be a God?
 Eminem has a line full of chainsaws 
 Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem 
 Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapperEminem 
 Who can say fore sure? 
 Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer 
 If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use 
 Society would reap a great benefit 
 I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets 
 on who's likely to become a serial killer? Case of Tourettes 
 Fuck f-fuck fuck, can't take the stress 
 I make a mess as the day progresses 
 Angry and take it out on the neighbor's hedges 
 Like this is how I'll cut your face up bitches 
 With these hedge trimming scissors with razor edges 
 Imagination's dangerous, it's the only way to escape this 
 Mess and make the best of this situation, I guess 
 'Cause I feel like a little bitch this predicament's despicable 
 I'm sick of just getting pushed, it's ridiculous 
 I look like a freaking wuss, a pussy 
 This kid just took my stick of licorice 
 And threw my sticker books in a picker bush 
 I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook 
 This fucker was 12 and was 6 foot, with a vicious hook 
 He hit me, I fell, I got back up, all I did was book 
 Now there's using your head 
 Mama always said "If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous 
 A brain you'd be dangerous" 
 (Mama could be wrong) 
 Mama, I'mma grow a name and be famous 
 And I'mma be a pain in the anus 
 (Mama could be wrong) 
 I'mma use my head as a weapon 
 Find a way to escape this insaneness 
 (Mama always said) 
 "Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous" 
 Guess it pays to be brainless 
 Fast forward some years later, a teenager, this is a fun, sweet 
 I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete 
 It's usually once a month, this is some feat I've accomplished 
 They've stomped me into the mud for what reason, you stumped me 
 But how do you get the shit beat out of you be down and be upbeat 
 When you don't have no-thing, no valid shot at life 
 Chance to make it or succeed 
 'Cause you're doomed from the start 
 It's like you grew up on drug street, from jump street 
 But if I had just get my head out my ass 
 I could accomplish any task 
 Practicing trash talking in a trance 
 Locked in my room yeah, but I got some plans mama 
 These damn rhymes are falling 
 Out of my pants pocket I can't stop it 
 And I'm starting to blend in more, school this shit helps for sure 
 I'm getting more self-assured than I've ever been before 
 Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that 
 Threw my first punch, end of story 
 Still in my skulls a vacant, empty void 
 Been using it more as a bin for storage 
 Take some inventory and as gorge as a Ford engine door hinge 
 Syringe an orange an extension cord and a Ninja sword 
 Not to mention four lynch pins and a stringent stored ironing board 
 A bench a wrench or winch and a tangent whore 
 Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fucking chain 
 Like an independent store, something's wrong with my head 
 Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't 
 'Cause I'd probably be Dahmer 'cause mama always said 
 Mama always said "If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous 
 A brain you'd be dangerous" 
 (Mama could be wrong) 
 Mama, I'mma grow a name and be famous 
 And I'mma be a pain in the anus 
 (Mama could be wrong) 
 I'mma use my head as a weapon 
 Find a way to escape this insaneness 
 (Mama always said) 
 "Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous" 
 Guess it pays to be brainless 
 Now my mum goes womp womp womp 
 'Cause I'm not that smart but I'm not dumb 
 I was on a bottom of the pile getting stomped 
 But somehow, I came out on top 
 I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo 
 I'm nice, yo, fuck it I'm out cold 
 Now everywhere I go, they scream out 'Go' 
 I'm 'bout to clean house, yo 
 I'm Lysol, now I'm just household 
 Outsold the sell outs, freak the hell out 
 Middle America, hear them yell out 
 Until they were so scared, and those kids 
 Just about, belted out 
 Whatever spout that it fell out 
 Of my smart-aleck mouth, it was so weird 
 Inappropriate, so be it, I don't see it 
 Maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as 
 Motherfuckin' difficult, yeah, till then 
 Hopefully you little homos get over your fears and grow beards 
 It's okay to be scared straight, they said I provoke queers 
 Till emotions evoke tears, my whole careers a stroke of sheer genius 
 Smoke and mirrors, tactical, practical jokes, yeah 
 You motherfuckin' 
 (insert insult here) 
 Who the fuck would've thought that one little lone MC 
 Would be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it 
 And boy did they flock 
 Can't believe this little hick locked 
 This Hip Hop shit in his hip pocket 
 And still the shit got that 
 White trash traffic and gridlock 
 Shit hopping like a six blocks from a Kid Rock 
 Insane Clown Posse concert in mid-October 
 And God forbid I see a wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium dog 
 'Cause I turn into the Unabomber mama always said 
 Mama always said "If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous 
 A brain you'd be dangerous" 
 (Mama could be wrong) 
 Mama, I'mma grow a name and be famous 
 And I'mma be a pain in the anus 
 (Mama could be wrong) 
 I'mma use my head as a weapon 
 Find a way to escape this insaneness 
 (Mama always said) 
 "Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous" 
 Guess it pays to be brainless 
 Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck 
 Neither is ain't
 You used to say, that I'd never be 
 Nothing without you and I'd believe 
 I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe 
 Just lay here with me, baby hold me please 
 And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees 
 And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby please don't leave 
 Snatch the keys from your hand, I would squeeze and you'd laugh 
 And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me 
 And you must hate me, why do you date me 
 If you say I make you sick 
 And you've had enough of me 
 I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge 
 But you won't break me, you'll just make me 
 Stronger than I was 
 Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just 
 Fine without you 
 And if I stumble, I won't crumble 
 I'll get back up and uhhh 
 But I'mma still be humble, when I scream fuck you 
 'Cause I'm stronger than I was 
 A beautiful face is all that you had 
 'Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad 
 But you're all that I love, I grasp, you can't leave 
 Please stay here with me, baby hold, me please 
 And I'd beg and I plead, drop to knees 
 And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby please don't leave 
 'Cause you left and you took everything I had left 
 And left nothing, nothing for me 
 So please don't wake me from this dream baby 
 We're still together in my head 
 And you're still in love with me 
 Till I woke up to discover that that dream was dead 
 But you won't break me, you'll just make me 
 Stronger than I was 
 Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just 
 Fine without you 
 And if I stumble, I won't crumble 
 I'll get back up and uhhh 
 And I'mma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you" 
 'Cause I'm stronger than I was 
 You walked out, I almost died 
 It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized 
 Felt like I was in for a long bus ride 
 I'd rather die than you not be by my side 
 Can't count how many times I vomited, cried 
 Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, uh 
 We were Bonnie and Clyde 
 No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde 
 I felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie 
 It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die 
 'Cause if you could've, took my life you would've 
 It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the 
 Other side of my back and stuck a spike too, should've 
 Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time 
 No one could hurt me like you coulda 
 Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that, bite me bitch chew on a 19 footer 
 'Cause this morning I finally stood up 
 Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the 
 First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams 
 And a life we coulda 
 Had and we could've been 
 But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in 
 Pulling myself out of the dumps once again 
 I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit 
 I'mma be late for the pity party 
 But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again 
 Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chumpy ends 
 I'm done being your punching bag 
 It was the November 31st today, would've been our anniversary 
 Two years, but you left on the first of May 
 I wrote it on the calendar, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say 
 But it came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay 
 And I thank you, 'cause you made me 
 A better person than I was 
 But I hate you, 'cause you drained me 
 I gave you all, you gave me none 
 But if you blame me, you're crazy 
 And after all that's said and done 
 I'm still angry, yeah I may be 
 I may never trust someone 
 But you won't break me, you'll just make me 
 Stronger than I was 
 Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just 
 Fine without you 
 And if I stumble, I won't crumble 
 I'll get back up and uhhh 
 And I'ma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you" 
 'Cause I'm stronger than I was
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek 
 Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey 
 Wanted to receive attention for my music 
 Wanted to be left alone, public excuse me 
 Been wanting my cake and eat it too, wanting it both ways 
 Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated 
 When I blew seep it was confusing 
 'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf 
 Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam 
 Ooh, hit the lottery, oh wee 
 With what I gave up to get was bittersweet 
 It was like winning a huge meet 
 Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink 
 I'm beginning to lose sleep, one sheep, two sheep 
 Going cuckoo and cuckier as Kool Keith 
 But I'm actually weirder than you think, 'cause I'm 
 Rihanna 
 : 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Now I ain't much of a poet 
 But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment 
 And don't squander it 
 'Cause you never know when it could all be over 
 Tomorrow so I keep conjuring 
 Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from 
 (Yeah, ponder it, Do you want this? 
 No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders.) 
 Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo! 
 I think you've been wandering off 
 Down yonder and stumbled upon Jeff VanVonderen 
 'Cause I needed an intervention in this 
 To intervene between me and this monster 
 And save me from myself and all this conflict 
 'Cause the very things that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it 
 My OCD is conking me in the head 
 Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking 
 I'm just relaying what the voice of my head saying 
 Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the 
 Rihanna 
 : 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Eminem 
 : 
 Call me crazy but I had this vision 
 One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian 
 But until then drums get killed 
 I'm coming straight at MCs, blood get spilled 
 And I take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track 
 Give every kid who got played that 
 Pumped the feelin' and shit that say back 
 To the kids who played 'em 
 I ain't here to save the fucking children, but if one kid 
 Out of a hundred million 
 Who are going through a struggle feels it and relates that's great 
 It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back in the draft 
 Turn nothing into something, still can make that 
 Straw in the gold chump I will spend Rumpelstiltskin in a hay stack 
 Maybe I need a straitjacket, face facts 
 I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that 
 It's nothing, I'm still friends with the 
 Rihanna 
 : 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Well, that's nothing
 I own a mansion, but live in a house 
 A king-size bed, but I sleep on the couch 
 I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half full 
 But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew 
 This always happens, thirty minutes from home 
 Gotta lay a log cabin and only option I have is McDonald's bathroom 
 In a public stall dropping a football 
 So every time someone walks in the john I get Madden 
 Shady, what up? 
 - What? Come on, man, I'm crapping 
 And you're asking me for my goddamn autograph on a napkin? 
 Oh, that's odd, I just happened to run out of tissue 
 Yeah, hand me that, on second thought I'd be glad then 
 Thanks, dawg, name's Todd, a big fan 
 I wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and 
 Told him 
 Todd, you're the shit 
 when does all of this crap end? 
 Can't park my ass without causing an accident 
 Puff my gas, cut my grass, can't take out the fucking trash 
 Without someone passing through my sub harassing 
 I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math 
 I'd rather wallow then bass suffering from succotash 
 But the antacid is my stomach gas 
 When I mix my corn with my fucking mash 
 Potato, so what, ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass 
 Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upper class 
 Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper 
 Tupperware in a covered plastic wear up the ass 
 Stuck in the past, iPod, what the fuck is that? 
 B-boy to the core, mule, I'm a stubborn ass 
 Maybe that's why I feel so strange 
 Got it all, but I still won't change 
 Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit 
 It's the motivation that keeps me going 
 This is the inspiration I need 
 I can never turn my back on a city that made me 
 (Life's been good to me so far) 
 They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that 
 Don't know what the fuck I'd doing if it weren't rap 
 Probably be a giant turd-sack 
 But I blew, never turned back 
 Turned 40 and still sag 
 Teenagers act more fucking mature, Jack 
 Fuck you gonna say to me? 
 I leave on my own terms, asshole, I'm going berserk 
 My nerves are bad, but I love the perks my work has 
 I get to meet famous people, look at her, dag 
 Her nylons ran, her skirt snag 
 And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag 
 Fucking my Hanes shirt tag 
 You're Danica Patrick (yeah) work, skag 
 We'd be the perfect match 
 'Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag 
 My apologies, no disrespect to technology 
 But what the heck is all of these buttons? 
 You expect me to sit here and learn that? 
 Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda? 
 Be an expert at computers? 
 I'd rather be an encyclopedia Britannica, hell with a Playstation 
 I'm still on my first manual from Zelda 
 Nintendo, bitch, run, jump, punch, stab and I melt the 
 Mozzarella on my spaghetti, put in on bread 
 Make a sandwich with Welch's and belch 
 They say this spray butter is bad for my health, but 
 I think there's more white trash from the trailer 
 Jed Clampett, Redd Sanford welfare mentality helps to 
 Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth, I 
 Managed to dwell within these parameters 
 Still cramming the shelves full of Hamburger Helper 
 I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt to 
 Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter 
 With all these pet peeves, god dammit to hell 
 I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones 
 I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I can yell, the 
 Other day someone got little elaborate and stuck a fucking dead cat in my mailbox 
 Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings 
 I think my karma is catching up with me 
 Maybe that's why I feel so strange 
 Got it all, but I still won't change 
 Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit 
 It's the motivation that keeps me going 
 This is the inspiration I need 
 I can never turn my back on a city that made me 
 (Life's been good to me so far) 
 Got friends on Facebook, all over the world 
 Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good 
 So I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque 
 I'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked 
 I'm trying to be low key, hopefully nobody notices me 
 In produce hunched over, giant nosebleed 
 Over stop as I mosey over to the frozen aisle 
 By the frozen yogurt this guy approached me 
 Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova 
 Show's over, I'm hiding in Kroger buying groceries 
 He just had front row seats, told me to sign this poster 
 Then insults me "wow, up close didn't know you had crow's feet" 
 I'm at a crossroad lost till shopping at Costco 
 Sloppy Joe's, buck waffles 
 Got caught picking my nose, ah 
 Look over see these two hot hoes 
 Finger still up in one of my nostrils 
 Right next to 'em stuck at the light 
 This fucking shit's taking forever to change 
 I'm stuck, these bitches are loving it rubbing it in 
 Chuckling, couldn't do nothing, play it off 
 What you bumping? Trunk Muzik? Yelawolf's better 
 , fucking bitch 
 They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it 
 The pressure, they want me to follow up with another one after Recovery 
 Was so highly coveted, but what good is a fucking recovery if I fumble it? 
 'Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get a grip 
 Hopping on shrubbery on you sons of bitches 
 Wrong subdivison to fuck with, bitch 
 Quit snapping fucking pictures of my kids 
 I love my titty, but you push me to my limit, what a pity 
 The shit I complain about 
 It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's raining out 
 Kool Aid stain on the couch, I'd never get it out 
 Bitch, I got an elevator in my house 
 Ants and a mouse, I'm living the dream 
 Maybe that's why I feel so strange 
 Got it all, but I still won't change 
 Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit 
 It's the motivation that keeps me going 
 This is the inspiration I need 
 I can never turn my back on a city that made me 
 (Life's been good to me so far)
 Somethin's burnin', I can't figure out what (out what) 
 It's either lust or a cloud of dust 
 Judgement is clouded, must just be the powder from the power of love 
 But I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get out of 
 Left my girl in the house alone 
 Is that my soon to be spouses moan 
 And the further I walked allowed her 
 I paused for a minute to make something, that's what I heard 
 Cuz after all this is her place 
 So I gave her the benefit of the doubt-a 
 Think I might be about Busta Busta 
 The thought's so scary, yo that it hurts, brace 
 Hope it ain't, there we go, yo 
 Cause my head already goes to worst case scenario, though, in the first place 
 But you confirmed my low end theory, though 
 Should've known when I made it all the way to third base 
 And that was only the first date, coulda made it to home plate 
 But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first 
 No, you don't, under, stand, I, don't, do this for, anyone, ever 
 Yeah, that ain't what they all say 
 I'll say it, you can suck a softball through a straw, used to be my fiance 
 Till you sucked on Wayne, Andre, and Kanye 
 Lebron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e 
 Polow Tha Don, Drake, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame 
 Guess I'm gettin my goddamn Jigga on 
 'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' 
 But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray 
 But I'll probably always keep on playin' the 
 Game of love, love, love, love 
 La-la, la-la-la-love 
 She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more 
 She hates my company, yeah she don't love me no more 
 I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door 
 She screamed she loves me like she never did before 
 And I told her 
 (Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care) 
 And I told her 
 (Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care) 
 I told that bitch 
 I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick 
 Suckin' dick in your momma's tub 'til your granny walked in 
 Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water, he drowned 
 Like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter, you beat the case and I called you 
 "Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone 
 And Kendrick don't forget to buy two pair of those 
 Expensive heels, you little fuckin' ferris wheel 
 Fuckin' spendin' on me, fuck you think we gon' get married still? 
 Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale 
 Fairy godmomma better tell you how I fuckin' feel 
 Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period 
 Now have a blessed day" 
 Bitch you serious? I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious 
 Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me up, a Caesarean 
 You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious 
 I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman 
 After the dillinger hit'em diligently and killin' him 
 His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem 
 That's analogy and metaphor for yah 
 I should win a medal for all the ways I adore yah 
 This is me talkin' poetry, yeah I got some home trainin' 
 That ain't what you like, ain't it? What about if I was famous 
 As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool 
 Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle, singin' 
 I hope she's good enough, meanwhile you're chasin' her 
 Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her 
 Pity the fool that pity the fool in me, I'mma live with the 
 Game of love, love, love, love 
 La-la, la-la-la-love 
 She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more 
 She hates my company, yeah she don't love me no more 
 I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door 
 She screamed she loves me like she never did before 
 And I told her 
 (Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care) 
 And I told her 
 (Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care) 
 So needless to say I'm feeling betrayed 
 Snatched my housekey off my keychain 
 She jumped off, Wee-Bey from The Wire, escape 
 Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater 
 Here goes that broken record, cliche, it's all my fault anyway 
 She's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break 
 Treats my face like seratos 
 She cuts and scratches like a DJ 
 Each day is an instant replay 
 They sayin' we display cinethematic abatic behavior 
 Back together but forgot today was her b-day, cut me off on the freeway 
 Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes 
 Then I realized that she may be as crazy as me, wait 
 Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline, stepped on them fuckers eight times 
 Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit coming up 
 But them other F-U-C-K's all would of hit the off ramp 
 So I coast into a gosh damned aww hit a fuckin' tree 
 Now here she comes at full speed, she's racin' at me, okay you wanna fuck with me, eh? 
 Snatch the bitch out her car through the window, she screamin' 
 I body slam her onto the cement, until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole 
 Bury this stink ho in it, then payed to have the street repaved 
 Fuck, woke up in a dream state in a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray durin' a heat wave 
 Guess I eventually caved though, cause she's layin' next to me in bed 
 Directly aimin' a gat at my head 
 Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab 
 I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy 
 Every girl I've ever had either says I got to much baggage 
 Or I'm just too dramatic 
 Man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fucking romantic 
 I fucking love you, you fucking bitch 
 Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex 
 I actually set off a chain reaction, a tragic event 
 I said "hit the road" and after she left 
 I sent that bitch a text 
 I said "be careful driving, don't read this and have a accident" 
 She glanced to look at it and write, too bad 
 Thought we had a connect 
 No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case 
 Than a model covered in L'Oreal and mace, who fell from grace 
 Eleven stories for story telling but the whore was yelling "rape" 
 So the vocal cords were swelling and her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spelling's face 
 Still they swarm the gates and my fans making stakes to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace 
 Unless you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date, don't be late 
 Well the sentiments great, but wait then there's been a mistake 
 You want an intimate date, I wanna intimidate 
 I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the game of-- 
 [Message sound] 
 Wait, dinner at eight 
 I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the 
 Game of love, love, love, love 
 La-la, la-la-la-love
 Mom, I know I let you down 
 And though you say the days are happy 
 Why's the power off and I'm fucked up 
 And mom, I know he's not around 
 But don't you place the blame on me 
 As you pour yourself another drink, yeah 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
 I went in headfirst, never thinking about who what I said hurt 
 In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst, the brunt of it 
 But as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far 
 "Cleaning Out My Closet" and all them other songs but regardless I don't hate you 'cause ma 
 You're still beautiful to me, 'cause you're my mom 
 Though far be it from you to be calm, our house was Vietnam 
 Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb 
 Equivalent to chemical warfare and forever we can drag this on and on 
 But, agree to disagree, that gift for me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me 
 You're kicking me out, it's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve (Little prick just leave) 
 Ma let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats 
 Why we always at each other's throats, 'specially when dad he fucked us both 
 We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close, nope 
 Further away that drove us, but together headlights shine and car full of belongings 
 Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road 
 And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load 
 Then Nate got taken away by the state at 8 years old, and 
 That's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable 
 And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
 'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though 
 'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grandbabies grow 
 But I'm sorry mama for "Cleaning Out My Closet", at the time I was angry 
 Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though, 'cause 
 Now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes 
 That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio 
 And I think of Nathan being placed in a home and all the medicine you fed us 
 And how I just wanted you to taste your own, but 
 Now the medication's takin' over and your mental state's deteriorating slow 
 And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though 
 But ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan yo 
 All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both 
 Foster care, that cross you bare, few may be as heavy as yours 
 But I love you Debbie Mathers, oh what a tangled web we have, 'cause 
 One thing I never asked was, where the fuck my deadbeat dad was 
 Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address 
 But I'dve flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus 
 Owned a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas 
 Someone ever moved them from me, that you could've bet your asses 
 If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap 'em 
 And although one has only met their grandma 
 Once, you pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers 
 Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you 
 And as you left I had this, overwhelming sadness come over me 
 As we pulled off to go our separate paths, and 
 I saw your headlights as I looked back 
 And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to 
 Thank you for being my Mom and my Dad 
 So Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet 
 I guess I had to get this off my chest 
 I hope I get the chance to lay it 'fore I'm dead 
 The stewardess said to fasten my seat belt, I guess we're crashing 
 So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I will always love you from afar 
 'Cause you're my ma 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
 I want a new life (start over) 
 One without a cause (clean slate) 
 So I'm coming home tonight 
 Well no matter what the cost 
 And if the plane goes down 
 Or if the crew can't wake me up 
 Well just know that I'm alright 
 I was not afraid to die 
 Oh, even if there's songs to sing 
 Well my children will carry me 
 Just know that I'm alright 
 I was not afraid to die 
 Because I put my faith in my new girl 
 So I never say goodbye cruel world 
 Just know that I'm alright 
 I am not afraid to die 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
 I want a new life
 Yeah, trying to figure out the difference 
 But I think.. I think the lines are starting to get blurry 
 I'm in a strange place 
 I feel like Mase when he gave up the game for his faith 
 I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints 
 Grinning every stranger in the place while I gaze into space 
 'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face 
 I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous 
 There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst 
 I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em 
 'Cause that's where most of my anger is based 
 Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints 
 I just want to hurt you, aim for the skanks 
 Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's 
 I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of wack 
 I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack 
 I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is 
 I'm strapped for battles, suck a duck, crawl out the back, bar fight 
 Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air 
 And bottles breaking, mirrors also 
 And I ain't stopping till the swear jar's full 
 You done called every woman a slut, but you forgetting Sarah, Marshall 
 Oh my bad, slut 
 And next time I show up in court I'll be naked and square a lawsuit 
 Judge be like "That's sharp, how much that motherfucker cost you? 
 Smart ass, you lucky I don't tear it off you 
 And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker 
 You so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you au jus 
 'Cause all you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo 
 Evil twin, take this beat now, it's on you" 
 I believe people can change, but only for the worse 
 I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse 
 So satanic Kmart chains panic 
 'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words 
 'Cause it works when they're reversed, motherfucker 
 And these kids are like parrots 
 They run around the house just like terrorists 
 Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck" 
 Adult with a child is like arrogance 
 Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that" 
 I'd rather be loud and I like swearing 
 From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes" 
 But my fucking mouth was nightmare-ish 
 And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this 
 And the opposition felt the opposite 
 Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums 
 Often as I can and skim through all them bitches 
 To make sure I keep up with my competition 
 Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes 
 Borderline genius who's bored of his lines 
 And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now 
 Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies 
 This darkness comes in me (Evil twin) 
 And comes again 
 (???) 
 That ain't me, he's my evil twin 
 (I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin) 
 He's just a friend who pops up now and again 
 So don't blame me, blame him 
 My evil twin 
 (I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin) 
 Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend 
 You have slept for quite some time 
 So who's left? Lady Gaga? Messed with the Bieber 
 Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither 
 Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than struck with the fever 
 Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or 
 Extra Strength Tylenol 3s 
 Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin' 
 Bed-written and destined to never leave the 
 Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heath Ledger 
 My suicide notes, barely legible read the 
 Bottom, it's signed by The Joker 
 Lorraine said I never can leave her 
 She'd sever my wiener, I ever deceive her 
 Fuck that shit, bitch 
 Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers 
 I'd ever left it at beaver 
 Get them titties cut off trying to mess with the cleaver 
 Golly, Wally I bet he registered Jesus 
 Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definite lean 
 My destiny went on the steps, I met Deshaun at Osborn 
 I'd never make it to sophomore 
 I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors 
 Flip burgers and wash dishes, but I wrote rhymes trying to get props for 'em 
 'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em 
 They was sleeping, I made them stop snorin' 
 Made them break out the popcorn 
 Now I've been hip hop in its tip top form 
 Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn 
 Screaming "fuck the police" like cop porn 
 Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped coin 
 Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4 
 And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore 
 And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck do you think that's 3rd and that 4th spot's for? 
 And as crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him 
 And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem? 
 But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin 
 (evil twin) 
 Please come in, what was your name again? 
 Hi, faggot 
 Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there 
 Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair 
 And you're all aware I ain't got it all upstairs 
 Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's just small up there 
 Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me 
 That I should call the looney police to come get me 
 'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish somebody finally admit me 
 Into a mental hospital with Britney 
 Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho 
 Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no 
 Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony 
 Hey ho, hey ho 
 I sound like I'm trying to sing the chorus to fucking hip hop hooray 
 No, I'm hollering, you got bottom in like an a-hole 
 Eight and a base whether I'm fucking off that instead of your face, ho 
 Let your low hand raise, yo 
 Tango, what you think, ho? 
 Slow dancing in the bowling 
 You trying to hold hands with your homie? 
 What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely? 
 Change that tune, you ain't got remote chance to control me 
 Ho, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner 
 Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt 
 Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work 
 So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work 
 But all bullshit aside I hit a stride 
 Still Shady inside, hair every bit is dyed 
 As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skiddish side 
 And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize 
 'Cause we are the same, bitch
 One thousand different houses and munchausen 
 I'mma make you wanna punch out some fuckin' one "ouch" 
 What the fuck'd you hit me for? 
 Scream life as I punch counter and bunches out of anger 
 I once encountered a stranger 
 In a dumb gown, black hood 
 With a scythe 
 Shit I laughed in his face spit 
 Bitch gave me an extra life, like take this 
 Now get your ass back in that game 
 Bitch don't take shit for granted 
 And don't take shit, give it! 
 Only bull you should take is by the horns 
 A mixture of Whitey Ford and mighty Thor 
 I Everlast, pen is mightier than sword 
 Finish writing then record 
 Replenish keep writing more 
 Nothing's riding on it but your privates are you're fighting for 
 So you fight, scratch, you claw 
 Backs to wall 
 No one was there to catch you fall 
 You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off 
 You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan and 
 Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it 
 Pull out your pants, whoop your ass and flash it on em' 
 Nobodies gonna back you in the corner 
 Throw a hornet 
 No one's more ig-norant then you fuckin' four in the morning you're at the laboratory, storming 
 Like there's nothing that's more important 
 MC's you better consider this a formal warning, you're in for it 
 Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain? 
 And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face 
 I ain't finished bitch 
 I meant in half, oil the blades 
 Nobody wants to play 
 They say I'm a spoiled little baby 
 But 
 Nobody put's baby in the corner 
 I'm only trying to warn ya 
 'Cause that baby get's mad 
 And get's to throwing a tantrum 
 He'll fucking flip on ya 
 'Cause nobody put's baby in the corner 
 I'm only trying to warn ya 
 'Cause that baby get's mad 
 And get's to throwing a tantrum 
 He'll fucking flip on ya 
 What goes through an addict's brain? 
 Besides static pain and big daddy kane 
 Break, beats and words 
 An erratic train of thought 
 Like splatter paint 
 Scatter brain 
 Yeah maybe why that explains 
 Why you're back but you don't rap the same 
 And you're looking way thinner 
 Because your hunger got you looking like 
 They took away dinner 
 Sugar ray leonard wouldn't sugar coat a fucking booger though 
 Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat 
 When you say you're a chooka what chooka what 
 Now fling that bitch from your fingertips 
 I hope it lands on another rap singers lips 
 Who can't think of shit 
 Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit 
 Whose king of this fucking English Lit? 
 Let your middle fingers flip 
 On each hand, whilst extending this shit 
 How low can you go? 
 Lower then Chuck D ho 
 Hear the bass of this in my voice 
 Rocky's back, where's my Adrian? 
 Nobodies crazy as shady in an eighty million mile radius 
 I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots of rap 
 Not a man, I'm a weapon 
 Who just happened to be a rapper 
 Who just happen to be on the crapper 
 When it happened I had an epiphany 
 In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after 
 Now I'm back with an apper-tite 
 For destruction the fucking recipe for disaster 
 So let's eat 'cause I'm famished 
 Every deed is a dastardly one 
 Evil its past it 
 Even you asking for me to be pulled 
 Like to people 
 Is like me having my teeth pulled 
 Nobody put's baby in the corner 
 I'm only trying to warn ya 
 'Cause that baby get's mad 
 And get's to throwing a tantrum 
 He'll fucking flip on ya 
 So step inside of dimension 
 The demented side of a mind 
 That's like the inside of an engine 
 While I multiply your undivided attention 
 But be reminded that if I didn't mention 
 I lose my mind and my temper 
 You'll be the first one 
 Who finds him offensive 
 Got him climbing the fences 
 Lost some time to addiction 
 But look up rhyme in the dictio-nary 
 I'm in the picture 
 Eminem is the synonym for it 
 I'm an enigma 
 Fuck it let's get to the meat, balls 
 I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes 
 Edgamacater, they are 
 Shit legends are madea 
 Spit treachreous data 
 Shit that you would say to your worst enemy 
 This wretchedness is 
 What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada 
 And combine em' with Method Man and Redman 
 Whit meth-amphetamines in his left hand 
 And in his right there's a sledge-hammer 
 And pajamas, standing in front of a webcam 
 Beating himself in the head, till Russell let's him off dead jam 
 Maybe I need my head examined 
 Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb 
 Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan 
 I need meds! 
 Swear to god 'cause If I go off the edge 
 T.I ain't talking me off a ledge man 
 Heart throb at a fart, ah nah 
 More like a smart slob, part blob 
 That'll stab you with a sharp ob-ject 
 To the heart and leave claw marks 
 All over the Wal-Mart walls 
 Little baby with large balls 
 Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood flinging 
 There's nothing on this fucking earth better then being 
 King of the playground 
 I hate the swings but I love being the underdog 
 'Cause when I'm pushed 
 I end up swinging up
 Girl you gimme writers block 
 I'm at a loss for words 
 My minds as lost as yours 
 I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge 
 Never seen no ass as large as yours, how much that cost? 
 That's what I call a Roethlisberger 
 You drive me bonkers I'm about to get my swerve on for sure 
 Thought I was pimpin' until I felt like Nas, the first date 
 Because I think I gave you power when I gave you flowers 
 And I bought us a box of chocolates, no lozenges or cough drops or syrups 
 Probably should have never let me call that job of yours 
 To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work 
 Should have been one of the first signs to cause to learn 
 Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I can't be apart from her 
 Cause nobodies body's awesomer - I lust it, and she loves me 'cause I'm popular, but 
 You know this ain't love 
 Oh, no, you know this ain't love 
 You know this ain't love 
 No, this ain't love 
 (What is it then?) It's desperation 
 She's lookin' for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her 
 (It's desperation) 
 I can't even put up a fight, 'cause I give in at the sight of her 
 And here I go again 
 Well obviously, oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you till I went to the lengths I did to meet you 
 Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning 
 Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery 
 Cause now you see nothin' but me, and I don't see nothin' but you 
 And I'm about to flip 'cause we are super glued in 
 We stuck to each others hips and we can't do anything individually 
 Which is to cling on, scared to be alone, can't, specifically to describe it I just can't seem to give a reason this definitive, just need you 
 Talkin' bout "I live and breathe you" 
 And you pretend to be as mentally and physically addicted to me 
 As Wiz Khalifa is to reefer 
 Don't wanna be without you, don't wanna be with you neither, bitch 
 Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek, cause this ain't... 
 You know this ain't love 
 Oh, no, you know this ain't love 
 You know this ain't love 
 No, this ain't love 
 (What is it then?) It's desperation 
 Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else 
 What the fuck you whispering for? You get on my nerves, you make me sick 
 I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz 
 I mean it's time that we just split and leave the games behind 
 Your frame of mind ain't the same as mine, I think 
 You need to finish developing a little more mentally too, get the picture? 
 That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the Keys up 
 To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's 
 You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? (what) Delicia 
 I'm just mad it took the time it took me to discover 
 You been using me for loot like I used you for looks 
 Thought you was too good for me, huh? yeah used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack, but I can't stomach this 
 I'm leavin' you, not comin' back. She said "The fuck with that 
 Where's my Louisville Slugger at?" 
 She grabbed that fuckin' bat and swung it at my head 
 I barely ducked and that's right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice 
 Steel toe, girl probably coulda put a 100 yard field goal, through the uprights 
 You know this ain't love 
 Oh, no, you know this ain't love 
 You know this ain't love 
 No, this ain't love 
 (What is it then?) It's desperation
 "What is a nightmare? 
 The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare" 
 I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious 
 Till one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack 
 On Aunt Edna's stoop and got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons 
 Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching 
 Missouri from Michigan didn't work, so we moved 
 Back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan 
 Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again 
 Mom, please stick to a decision, discipline, last thing I wanna do 
 Is listen she's like Lex Luthor, bitch, and rules are Krypton- 
 -Ite so the walls I done lost my power to see through them bitches 
 But I run into 'em, running through the kitchen 
 Pretending to be blind Superman, 'cause I had no supervision 
 But I did have a super power though, I could turn into invisible kid 
 Disappear out of sight, like a true magician 
 Then one day Uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different 
 Music into the picture and it become my new religion 
 "I remember it clearly, even today" 
 Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma nan 
 Always itching for something to do, was flipping 
 Through the radio stations one day and discovered 
 This DJ who was mixing, I say it to this day, if you ain't listened 
 To the wizard, you ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing 
 I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing for shoes 
 Fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition Troops 
 You get them LL Cool J cooling systems 
 Think I finally maneuvered to 8 Mile and Hoover 
 And somehow I saw my future is in this, that's how I know my mission 
 Little boom box booming, spitting, practicing numerous written 
 When I sit in my room envisioning my dreams come to fruition 
 I remember Proof would visit, couldn't wait to play him my new shit 
 He'd go complete ballistic, go through the roof for his shit 
 It's like we knew the instant, we touched a mic that both of us 
 Two existed to do this shit, never quit, too persistent 
 "We are the underground empire" 
 Started a group of misfits, Proof had a proposition 
 If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit 
 Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and 
 Be ready to come off the top as sharp precision 
 If you got dissed at the Shop, 'cause if they caught you slipping 
 They'd take your spot if someone got to ripping you 
 And you forgot your written, opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again 
 It tried ding-dong ditching shit, I fucking got that bitch 
 In a headlock, cut off his oxygen Slim, it's not cordial 
 Like cocksucking cynderblocks in the wind, now I got my pot to piss in 
 Spot in that top position, hopping over that opposition 
 Looking like a dog is pissing, leg up on the competition 
 Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson 
 I'm in a league Muhammad's in, Ali's my colleague bombing 'em 
 Probably end up on top of 'em, like stomping 'em like Ndamukong 
 I'm Russian like a Ukrainian LaDainian Tomlinson 
 Flow vomits in your face, competitors fall at my waist 
 You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face 
 So name the time, place to battle, bitch, I'm still in that mind state 
 Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes 
 Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose 
 But you turds better be careful how you choose yours 
 Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse 
 And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers 
 Now where's your bluebirds? Ooh 
 No more tripping in bird shit, this songs a self empowerment surgeon 
 Words of encouragement but this discouraging 
 The Rap Game's God, but the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith 
 So let these words lift, cause all I got is bars 
 For you dumbbells and doors ain't working out 
 Each verse is more merciless than the first, and you ain't got to wear 
 No shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served bloodthirst, revenge of a nerds 
 "They will not escape my vengeance" 
 And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone 
 With the Uncle Ron, I'm turning into an unhumble Don 
 You blind dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on 
 So stop the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on 
 Better back away from the front row, get launched up your arm 
 Bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo on the fucking Jumbotron 
 I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna crumble, you bambacluts 
 I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yarn 
 So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass 
 And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap 
 The GOAT just ate eight acres and ate the vet 
 Who just make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper 
 Oh look, my notebook with smoke cook 
 Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove 
 Soot, charred debris floating like Oakwood 
 Was burning, return of the no good and I won't quit 
 "And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below 
 Something that made Godzilla look like a plane" 
 And I don't quit, won't change, it's like a Groundhog's Day 
 So crowd around y'all, cause you may, so you can't pop your head 
 "I'm not so sure I want to know from once it came 
 But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed 
 There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thing"
 I can feel the heat rising 
 Everything is on fire 
 Today's a painful reminder of why 
 We can only get brighter 
 The further you put it behind ya 
 And right now I'm on the inside 
 Lookin' out, cause 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 Yesterday was the tornado warning, today is like the morning after 
 Your world is torn in half, you wake and let's wait to start the morning process 
 Rebuilding and you're still a work in progress 
 Today is a whole new chapter, it's like an enormous ass 
 The thunderstorm has passed ya, your weather didn't poke his eyes out with the thorn bush that you 
 Used to smell the roses, stopped to inhale can't even tell your nose is stuffed 
 So focused on the brightside, then you floor the gas pedal, and hit the corner fast, the more asserted, never looking back, may hit the curb, but everyday is a new learning curve, as you, steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve, but you have to, to avert a disaster, lucky, no permanent damage, 'cause they hurt you so bad, it's like they murdered your ass, and threw dirt on your casket, but you returned from the ashes, and that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline, and while you're burning the past, standing at inferno and chant 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 So familiarize what having to swallow this pill is like 
 It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life 
 And it's as though you feel you've died because you've been killed inside 
 But yet you're still alive which means you must survive 
 Although today you may weep because you're weak and 
 Everything seems so bleek and hopeless 
 The light that you're seeking, it begins to seep in 
 That's the only thing keeping you from leaping off the motherfreaking deep end 
 And I'm pulling for you to push through this feeling 
 And with a little time that should do the healing 
 And by tomorrow you may even feel so good that you're willing 
 To forgive them even after all that shit you been put through 
 This feeling of resilience is building and the flames are burning 
 Quick as fire would through this building, you're sealed in 
 But you're fireproof and flame retardant you withstood it 
 And as you climb up to the roof you're just chillin' and you look down 
 'Cause you're so over them you could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling 
 As time passes, things change everyday 
 But wounds, wounds heal 
 But scars still remaining the same 
 But tomorrow today's gone down in flames 
 Throw the match at the past up place 
 So feel the fire beneath your feet 
 As you barely even perspire from the heat 
 Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief 
 And as you say goodbye to the grief 
 It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell 
 But you've extinguished this living hell 
 Still a little piece of you dies, you scream 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the lightt 
 Feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn 
 Rising, a phoenix from the flames 
 Flame of love, we're going to fight the word, fight 
 Now it feels with these wings that I will fly 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It's a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder 
 Ever heard of Aspergers? It's a rare condition 
 It's what you're suffering from when you simply don't care if it's an 
 80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning 
 And you can't see the bitch's hair is frizzing 
 Cause you got the windows up blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prism 
 The devil ain't on the level same as him 
 Picture someone who revels in straight masochism 
 And imagine him giving him an adjective an ass whooping 
 So bad they should put his ass in prison 
 A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs like they did something to me personally 
 Used to get bullied so I cut class and ditched it 
 Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it) 
 Cadillac from a K Car 
 My ass from a hole in the ground, still can't tell 'em apart 
 Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud 
 To shop at K-Mart and it became art 
 And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are 
 To this day I still get in fights with the same broad 
 At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart 
 In the middle of the aisle whilin' I don't give a fuck I don't play! 
 Bitch you think you saw this basket first? 
 Your ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay 
 Illest shit you could think I would say 
 Mind's like a pile of clay 
 When's the last time you saw a villain with a cape? 
 Ripped a gaping hole in it 
 Flipped out, ripped down the drapes 
 Tied them around my neck, went down the fire escape of the Empire State 
 Slipped fell straight down to the ground splattered all over the entire state 
 And straight to hell got an impaled by the gates 
 So Satan stuck his face in an ashtray 
 While I sacheted around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face gibberish 
 And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale of being gay ya 
 Little faggot. By the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day 
 I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent Jay 
 It's a fucking miracle to be this lyrical 
 Paint my face with clown make up and a smiley face I'm insane 
 Every rhyme I say, sons you, like an ultra violet ray 
 I'm selling hatred buffet style all the shit you can eat 
 $11.99 so come on and pile a plate 
 I'm throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise 
 With the rhyme I'm spittin' while I'm shittin' on the competition 
 In the meantime it's always mean time 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I've been a career asshole 
 I don't see why these people always got my back 
 I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake 
 But I was put here not by accident 
 I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish 
 Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit 
 And I'm coming to get that quarter back 
 Like Ndamukong the drama can build 
 Your mama can ask me for my autograph 
 That cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book 
 But I sure would fall for that 
 You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight 
 When I get on the mic I'mma snap 
 Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital 
 When I overdosed would have caught a flat 
 If it makes you sick to your stomach acid 
 Indigestion, my suggestion's Kaopectate 
 If it feels like I'm running away with the game 
 It's 'cause I am don't speculate, spectate 
 All I got is dick for days and insults for decades 
 But I get by my wicked ways 
 Lady you can suck a dick till your neck aches 
 Cry till you get puffy eyes red face 
 But I'm leaving on this jet plane 
 You ain't fly, you're an airhead 
 I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole sorry another catchphrase 
 But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage over headspace 
 Cause you just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods 
 Other words don't try to put the heart in a headcase 
 Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't, I need my meds I peed my bed 
 I'm going blind I don't see my legs I keep on falling down 
 No wonder you can't stand me I need my cane 
 Someone help me I think my face is melting 
 If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain 
 This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head 
 If you read my mind you can see my pain 
 Then you'd see why I be this way 
 Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes 
 Told these hoes shut the P-I-E holes, now peep my game 
 'Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it like a lyco fucking (fucking fuck it) 
 Echo... Psycho on a cyclone cycle 
 Spiraling, here I go, I'm outta control like no 
 Other mic go, stab you till the knife goes dull 
 I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes 
 'Cause I'mma sock it to you 
 Dyke ho, you don't like it 
 Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle 
 And ride it like a motorbike 
 I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so 
 Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro 
 And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole 
 Deeper in, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 Skit: 
 Oh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty 
 Thank you, God 
 Shit 
 It's a girl 
 I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in mouth 
 And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M 
 And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show... 
 Why do I know that voice? 
 Butt-fuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it 
 Life's too short to not stroke your bone 
 - Are you fucking serious? 
 So everybody, everybody 
 Circle jerk, touch my body 
 Who is that? Where are you going? Come back 
 Why does everyone always leave me? 
 Hello? Fuck you then 
 Blow it our your ass
 Used to get, bent, now I represent to the fullest 
 Pencil is full of insolent bullets 
 I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott' 
 Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken 
 I begin to spitting like vintage Pac, demented 
 Demonic sinister, ever since the the Doc replenished me 
 The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit 
 So to not see him with me would be a shocking image 
 And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is 
 Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it 
 And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics 
 Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish 
 Eat me broccoli, spinach, cocky? Nope 
 But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this 
 And put emphasis on the "dope," so when names come up 
 In that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it 
 And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow 
 You won't find anywhere, where it fires and I unload my pen explodes 
 Till there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time 
 Let insults fly even sixty seconds that go by, so you know I meant it 
 In school I was so shy, timid 
 Two pairs of jean's I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member 
 Begging my mom for K-Mart MacGregors 'cause they were new 
 St. Vincent de Paul, those Pony's were used, and no size fitted 
 But kissed them old days, adios, I did it 
 They said I was a gimmick, now I'm the one that those guys mimic 
 Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument 
 Cause you know I'll win it, name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Rest in piece to Big Proof, you was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me 
 Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowing through me 
 I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete 
 I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet 
 I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne 
 Better watch the fucking tone that you speak, feel like I'm in the zone 
 I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own, it's just me 
 No opponents can compete, and I've never been known to retreat 
 From beef, beep-beep, follow trends or wallow in defeat 
 I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say bon appetit 
 'Cause I don't know what to eat, fucking microphone or the beat 
 Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine 
 It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown 
 'Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed, up in the Ebony Show- 
 -Case with Denaun screaming "Who the fuck passed you the mic?" 
 Never asked you like my shit from the get 
 I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch 
 You had you a nice run, now take a hike 
 I ever meet my match, I'mma strike that bitch first 
 Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers 
 The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills cracking 
 Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha, why the fuck not? 
 You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot 
 Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down 
 Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud 
 They jerked me around so what's up now? 
 Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like 
 Rubbing it and holding some grudge now, but don't front 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write 
 Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe 
 But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak 
 I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe 
 It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight 
 'Cause I'm hyper or something, needing someone or something is lighting 
 This fire under me, it's breathing new life, it's like I already died once 
 I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny 
 My days of being broke was so long ago, I lost my concept of money 
 But you dimes won't get a fucking nickel from me 
 Oh shit, I'm down on one knee 
 I'm having a stroke of genius, Elizabeth I'm coming to you, honey 
 From boy to man, it's still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland 
 I'm in another category, man, don't put me up with them pop stars 
 I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band 
 No offense? Yes offense, precedents has been set that'll never get met 
 Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose 
 Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show 
 (But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it) 
 You can't take it, oh 
 Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow 
 But convince me you've heard 
 An MC since me who's this good with the fucking mincing of words 
 Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve 
 Whose mentally disturbed, you might as well stick a knife in me and turn 
 It'll be like my skin being Indian burned 
 Hah, bitch there isn't one, when will you learn? 
 Never been served if memory serves 
 I'd battle that till my own recollection remembers these words 
 You know I got you open kid, stop fronting 
 You know I got you open, Word Life
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
 (fuck) 
 Why are expectations so high? 
 Is it the bar I set? My arms I stretch, but I can't reach 
 A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp 
 But as soon as I grab, squeeze 
 I lose my grip like the flyin' trapeze 
 Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening 
 I know the mark's high, butter-flies rip apart my stomach 
 Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with 
 You're gonna harp, gripe, and that's a hard Vicodin to swallow 
 So I scrap these as pressure increases like khakis 
 I feel the ice cracking, because 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 (Its the curse of the its the curse of the) 
 I walk on water 
 (shit) 
 But only when it freezes 
 It's the curse of the standard that the first of the Mathers discs set 
 Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet 
 Will this step just be another misstep 
 To tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect 
 I've garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless 
 And it always feels like I'm hittin' the mark 
 Till I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart 
 Like, "This shit is garbage!" 
 And God's given me all this 
 Still I feel no different regardless 
 Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded 
 If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive 
 And I try not to listen to nonsense 
 But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence 
 Mission accomplished 
 I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith, and I'm not Prince 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 (it's true, it's true) 
 But only when it freezes 
 'Cause I'm only human, just like you 
 Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew 
 I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 
 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh 
 It's true, I'm a Rubik's, a beautiful mess 
 At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest 
 A flawed human, I guess 
 But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your ex- 
 Pectations and meet 'em, but first the "Speedom" verse 
 Now Big Sean he's goin' too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom? 
 There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin' out my palm 
 Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on 
 And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on 
 But the only one who's looking down on me that matters now's DeShaun 
 Am I lucky to be around this long? 
 Begs the question though, especially after the methadone 
 As yesterday fades and the Dresden home 
 Is burnt to the ground, and all that's left of my house is lawn 
 The crowds are gone 
 And it's time to wash out the blonde 
 Sales decline, the curtain's drawn 
 They're closin' the set, I'm still pokin' my head from out behind 
 And everyone who has doubt, remind 
 Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times 
 Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes 
 And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine 
 'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight 
 When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine? 
 But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine 
 I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine 
 But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
 'Cause I'm only human, just like you 
 I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew 
 I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 
 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh 
 If I walked on water, I would drown 
 'Cause I'm just a man 
 But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike 
 So me and you are not alike 
 Bitch, I wrote "Stan"
 And I started from the bottom 
 Like a snowman, ground-up 
 Like round chuck and still put hands on you 
 Stayin' wound up is how I spend time 
 Sucker free, confidence high 
 Such a breeze when I pen rhymes 
 I just got the air about me like wind chimes (yeah) 
 Another day in the life (uh) 
 Used to have to scrape to get by (yeah) 
 Now my community's gated and I 
 Made it and my neighbors say hi 
 I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now 
 Guess it means I'm way in the sky 
 But I still remember the days of 
 Minimum wage for general labor 
 Welfare recipient since a minor 
 Look how government assistance has made ya 
 Adversity, if at first you don't succeed 
 Put your temper to more use 
 'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse 
 That should only give you more fuel 
 Show 'em why you're you 
 So close, God, it's like I almost got it 
 But close only counts in time bombs and horseshoes 
 So I Unabomb shit-tick, tick, tick-no remorse, pew 
 Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick 
 That's why they call me firecracker 
 I grew up on wick-wick, wick, wick-with a short fuse 
 I got some important news to report to 
 Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite 
 Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours? 
 Do you still believe in me? 
 Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see? 
 I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now and walk out 
 I will never let you live it down 
 (I'll never quit) Do you still believe in me? 
 Man, I know sometimes 
 These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice 
 To me they're just ink blots 
 I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise 
 So you might want to think it over twice 
 When you retards can roll the dice 
 But beef will at least cost you your career 
 'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced 
 But this middle finger's free as a bird 
 Nuke warheaded birth, hugest forehead on Earth 
 Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned 
 How to incorporate a curse 
 Point it towards corporate America 
 Stick a fork in and turn 
 'Cause four-letter words are more better heard 
 The world force-fed a turd to me 
 You're gettin' yours 
 But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it 
 I was there consolin' you when no one knew it 
 When your situation showed no improvement 
 I was that door, you walked over to it 
 I'm the light at the end of tunnel 
 So people are always lookin' at me as they're goin' through it 
 When that tunnel vision is unclear 
 Shit becomes too much to bear 
 Since "Cleanin' Out My Closet" 
 When I was havin' trouble with the snare 
 I'm that unrealistic prayer answered 
 And I'ma get you jacked up 
 Like you're tryin' to fix a flat, uh 
 When you struggle with despair 
 That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair 
 Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your fuckin' switch, nothin' can compare 
 Do you still believe in me? 
 Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see? 
 I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now 
 And walk out, I will never let you live it down 
 (I'll never quit) Do you still believe in me? 
 Started from the bottom like a snowman 
 Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that 
 But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack 
 And I know that I always got Proof at my back 
 I called you "Proof" because I knew for a fact 
 My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you 
 'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so 
 Give me that apron and mo- 
 -Tivation to go, Hussein with the flow 
 Fake fans left you two-faced at the show 
 Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul 
 Layin' vocals two days in a row 
 True statement, hate to go down this road 
 But there's only one route to cross this bridge 
 So I walk in this bitch with loose change 
 'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll 
 But it's never too late to start a new beginning 
 That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do? 
 Use the tools you're given 
 Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt 
 As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em? 
 I used to play the loser/victim 
 Till I saw the way Proof was driven 
 I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet 
 And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets 
 Fanny packs, hourglasses 
 If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste 
 Man, in my younger days 
 That dream was so much fun to chase 
 It's like I run in place 
 While this shit dangled in front of my face 
 But how do you keep up the pace 
 And the hunger pains once you've won the race? 
 When that fuel exhaust is coolin' off 
 'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all 
 'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de grce 
 Still you feel the need to go full tilt 
 That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill 
 When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will 
 Do you still believe?
 Instinctive nature to bring the anguish (yeah) 
 To the English language 
 With this ink, you haters get rode on like a piece of paper 
 This rap shit got me travellin' place to place 
 You barely leave your house 
 'Cause you're always stuck at your pad, it's stationary 
 Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out 
 Simon Cowell of rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook 
 Wire bound notebook got tied around your throat 
 Hook it inside your mouth, go-hruh 
 That's what it's like when the mic is out 
 'Cause I'm tearin' at your flesh with it 
 Till your larynx and neck are split 
 With these lyrics, weapons, expert with 
 Like hair extensions, extra clips 
 And you're scared to effin' death of it 
 Bitch, you're starin' at a legend, that 
 In a pair of Skechers, sweatshirt ripped 
 And hoodie black, should be strapped 
 To a chair or stretcher, electric, swear on every record, bitch 
 Finger so high in the air, I'll bet your senses flip 
 Like a barometric pressure switch 
 Carin' less who I offend with this 
 I'm at your neck like Pez dispense 
 Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch 
 I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
 And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you 
 All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do? 
 My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose 
 And all it wants is to have somethin' to chew 
 Somethin' to chew (somethin' to chew) 
 Yeah, uh, and still conjoined at 
 The hip with hop, still on point and poignant 
 Skilled as Floyd is 
 In this field, and still no filter, boy 
 I'll put you in your place (yeah) like a realtor, boy 
 You still ain't in the building, boy 
 I will destroy shit, even as I build it 
 Get the drillbit, pen is filled with poison 
 Which is the source, easy to still pinpoint it 
 (Like what?) Like a real thin joint it 
 (What?) Comes on Quilted Northern 
 (And what?) In a built-in toilet 
 (Yeah) Bitch, I told you I'm a dog (woof) 
 I wouldn't heal with ointment 
 Way I'm kickin' these fairies tales 
 Should write a children's storybook (yeah, yeah, yeah) 
 Million voices in my head 
 But still get a little bit of thrill and some real enjoyment 
 (Off what?) Off the feel of going in 
 (Like?) Like your bitch when she gives me brain 
 Like she thinks I'm dumb 
 Grabs the crown of my dick and blows me to kingdom come 
 Till I feel anointed 
 She makes iller noises 
 When she's with me, must be from the Windy City 
 Pretty apparent, she's a MILF when blowin' me 
 'Cause I conned her into 
 Rippin' the condom in two (woo) 
 Dick is a bargaining tool 
 Now I'm gettin' blew like Klonopins, Rude Jude 
 I go there, you wouldn't? 
 Well, I still have a few views in common with you 
 Just not YouTube, 'cause 
 I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
 You're a has-been 
 That has been the case since back when 
 You last went and threw your hat in the race 
 You've been trash, stick your raps in the trash bin 
 Or end up in my next rhyme 
 You're a fuckboy, so next time 
 It's gonna be heads flyin' like Dez Bryant 
 With a TEC-9 against Rex Ryan (yeah) 
 Now watch me set it like correct time 
 All you get is sloppy seconds like a Timex, I 
 Clock rejects into the next life 
 Talkin' reckless, but it's just my 
 Strongest suit, but you can get my Columbian neck tie 
 Prostitute, just climb in the Humvee and let's ride 
 Why you hitching at night? 
 I put an end to your life, sex crime 
 Kidding aside, insidious vibe 
 Girl, you know you got the prettiest eyes 
 But all you're getting is bribe 
 Ending your life to try to get you inside 
 Then we gon' end up spending the night 
 And I'm skinning your hide like an Indian tribe 
 What kind of nut drives a Budweiser truck 
 Finds a slut, tries to surprise her, cuffs, ties her up 
 Binds up, cuts, slices her twice? 
 But the muff diver must just like it rough 
 Fuck right in her vagina, blood 
 Flies up on the visor, like a geyser, uh 
 (Music, please) 
 Enthusiast of the roofie 
 Goal is to get a floozy inside the Jacuzzi 
 And have a loosey-goosey as Cool C is with an Uzi 
 But I am to rap what blue jeans mean to Bruce Springsteen 
 Glued we be, I'm truTV, you're too PG 
 I'm Schoolly D, you're Spoonie Gee 
 No diss there, just notice there 
 Are no similarities that we share 
 Besides the fact we breathe air 
 Happily married to rap and I'm glad that we buried 
 The hatchet and patched it up 
 Now I'm back to ratchet up my attack 
 And I'm at your motherfuckin' throat like 
 Chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
 And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you 
 All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do? 
 My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose 
 And all it wants is to have somethin' to chew 
 Somethin' to chew (somethin' to chew)
 Hands up, officer don't shoot 
 Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot 
 We may never understand each other, it's no use 
 We ain't ever gonna grasp what each other goes through 
 Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you 
 Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you 
 Pull up on the side of you 
 Window rolled down, 'profile' 
 Then we wonder why we see this side of you 
 Probably comin' from the dope house 
 We could let you slide but your tail light is blew out 
 We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum 
 On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you 
 And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true 
 Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it 
 In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you 
 Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do? 
 I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin' 
 No matter how many lives you ruin 
 It's for the red, white and blue 
 Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two 
 No one's ever indicted you 
 Why? 'Cause you're a 
 White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar 
 (My mama talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live) 
 White boy, white boy, in your cop car 
 (But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve) 
 White boy, white boy, you're untouchable 
 (The world's coming to an end, I don't even care) 
 Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a (big rockstar) 
 Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and 
 We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man 
 Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that 
 Balderdash, where'd you get the chip on your shoulder at? 
 Why you kicking that soda can? 
 Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and 
 Throw your ass in the van cuffed 
 You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are 
 Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands 
 And put our minds more at ease 
 Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy 
 We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine 
 Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities 
 That's what we call 'em pigsties for 
 They're like eyesores to police 
 Talk to you like just a piece of trash 
 Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me 
 As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions 
 As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in 
 To the sixties, having black skin is risky 
 'Cause this keeps happening 
 Throughout history, African-Americans have been treated like shit 
 And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a 
 White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar 
 (My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live) 
 White boy, white boy, in your cop car 
 (But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve) 
 White boy, white boy, you're untouchable 
 (The world's coming to an end, I don't even care) 
 Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a (big rockstar) 
 Seems like the average lifespan of a white man 
 Is more than twice than a black life span 
 I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner 
 I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance 
 I'd rather hear 'em say "Die N-word" than Die Antwoord 
 Ninja, now it's better disguised banter 
 But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially 
 And can't find answers 
 We're applying, but McDonald's 
 Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire 
 So how can we have higher standards? 
 As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter 
 We fight back with violence but acts like that are 
 Black eyes on the movement 
 Which makes black lives madder 
 At cops and cops madder 
 That's why it's at a stalemate 
 And can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops 
 I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops 
 The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot 
 Call the attack dogs off of us, man 
 You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop 
 And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop 
 Sendin' white cops into black neighborhoods 
 Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it 
 Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns 
 And know nobody black so they act afraid of us 
 And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em 
 A subconscious racist 
 Wait, why are there black neighborhoods? 
 'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area 
 Separated us, Section-Eight'd us 
 When we tear it up's the only time attention's paid to us 
 And education sucks, and every day's another 
 Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz 
 Why is it they treat us like dryer lint? 
 We just want a safe environment for our kids 
 But can't escape the sirens 
 Don't take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in 
 The poverty that we face so the crime rate's the highest in 
 The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence 
 And we're trapped in these racial biases 
 That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise 
 Every time we see a devil's face 
 Lions, tigers and bears, oh my 
 It's more like billy clubs and gats 
 And we really love it when you think we're guilty 'cause we're black 
 "But you kill each other, facts 
 You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats" 
 Single mother strugglin' through substance abuse 
 While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes 
 Fuck your Republican views 
 Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots? 
 And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics 
 Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black 
 You better be strapped with a derringer 
 Or be "capped in America" like Steve Rogers 
 'Cause no one oversees these cops and 
 All we see is 'em beat charges 
 We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious and got off 
 So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings 
 Just keep marchin', till we reach congress 
 But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance 
 If you try to slander the flag but 
 Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb 
 So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum 
 If you don't stand for the national anthem 
 We raise it, you better praise it 
 Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll 
 Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield 
 Home of the brave is still racist 'ville 
 So this whole nation feels like a plantation field 
 In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals 
 That had its Natives killed 
 Got you singin' this star-spangled spiel 
 To a piece of cloth that represents the "Land of the Free" that made people slaves to build
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water 
 Feel it washing over me 
 Oh, little one, I don't want to admit to something 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 Truth in my lies right now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run 
 He's coming home with his neck scratched, to catch flack 
 Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatch 
 On his breath's Jack is a sex addict 
 And she just wants to exact revenge and get back 
 It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet pack 
 She's kept track of all his Internet chats 
 And guess who just happens to be moving on to the next? 
 Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks 
 'Cause she loves danger, psychopath 
 And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that 
 But she's devised some plan 
 To stab him in the back, knife in hand 
 Says the relationship's hanging by a strand 
 So she's been on the web lately 
 Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, despite her man 
 And I know she's using me to try to play him 
 I don't care, hi Susanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Susanne" 
 After the first night, but tonight I am 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water 
 Feel it washing over me 
 Oh, little one, I don't want to admit to something 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 Truth in my lies now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run 
 One-night stand, turned into night staying 
 He was calling so might scram, now we hug tight and 
 He found out, now she feels deserted and used 
 'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too 
 Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through? 
 It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, ensued 
 And witnessed you hurt, but what you deserve is the truth 
 Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you 
 So I revert to the studio like hole in the wall diners 
 Don't have to be reserved in a booth 
 I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's 
 Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew 
 And now that I got you I don't want you 
 Took advantage of my thirst to pursue 
 Why do I do this dirt that I do? 
 Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech 
 Detergent and bleach is burning the wound 
 'Cause now with her in the womb 
 We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew 
 To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit 
 Fuck 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water 
 Feel it washing over me 
 Oh, little one, I don't want to admit to something 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 Truth in my lies now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run 
 My name's (oh), my name's (oh) 
 Denver (oh), river run 
 Call me (oh), call me (oh) 
 River (oh), we'll let the river run 
 Always the bridesmaid, never the bride, hey 
 Fuck can I say? If life was a highway 
 The seat was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes 
 Speeds at a high rate, like I'm sliding on ice, maybe 
 That's why I may have came at you sideways 
 I can't keep my lies straight 
 What I made you terminate, my baby 
 This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled 
 What else can I say? It was fun for a while 
 Bet I really woulda loved your smile 
 Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it 
 What's one more lie to tell an unborn child? 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water 
 Feel it washing over me 
 Oh, little one (I'm sorry) 
 I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up) 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 The truth in my lies now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run
 Damn girl 
 You drive me crazy 
 You may be crazy too 
 You make me do things 
 I normally wouldn't do 
 You make me feel things 
 That I never felt 
 You gotta be the real thing 
 'Cause you remind me of myself
 Yo 
 I bust in, devilish grin, disgustin' 
 Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt chin 
 Calling all party animals 
 Get on the floor when I pop up on some Whac-A-Mole shit 
 In search of a chick who stacked them so thick 
 And implants are so big 
 She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits 
 Like Anna Nicole Smith 
 Body's bananas and sass to go wit' 
 I spot you at first glance and go "Shit!" 
 You wearin' those pants that don't fit 
 That butt won't ever give up 
 That's why you stick it out no matter what 
 'Cause you got an ass that won't quit 
 So, get on the horn, my saxophone 
 Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow 
 You just laugh and go, "heehee" 
 'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate 
 That's why 
 I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me) 
 I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me) 
 You know, I'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too, yo 
 With me on it 
 I'm lookin' at your tight rear like a sightseer 
 Your booty is heavy duty like diarrhea 
 The plan's to bring you to my house 
 You're drinkin' Jack and Beam 
 I'm thinkin' soon as trampolines so we should bounce 
 But you're out of your tube-top 
 If you're thinkin' that mi casa es su casa 
 Yeah, you're a cute fox 
 Perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk 
 Girl, you're smokin' like Snoop Dogg 
 But you must be tokin' if you think you're takin' over my quarters 
 There goes the dime into the jukebox 
 Two shots of blue Hpnotiq and soon I'll 
 Turn this pool hall to a barroom brawl 
 So, Rick, scratch on the break like the cue ball 
 Turn the volume all the way up on your boombox 
 And excuse the locker room talk, I'm just too raw 
 But apparently, so are you, ma 
 'Cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off 
 And that's why 
 I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me) 
 I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me) 
 Said can I take you home, where we can be alone? 
 Shorty, you the shit 
 Girl, I ordered you to sit 
 I know you're probably feelin' me more than you admit 
 Pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink 
 I only go to meetings court-ordered from a shrink 
 So from the bottom to the top, floor to ceiling 
 You ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million 
 'Cause real tits are still fun 
 But everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones 
 So come and spend the night with the guy most are terrified of 
 But tonight, curiosity overrides ya 
 Besides you're fire (I love) like a starter pistol 
 Crystal and slides huns, tonight I'm your pilot 
 'Cause you should be up in the sky, girl 
 You're so fucking fly, you belong in the mile high club 
 So come on, baby, the night's young 
 Don't string me along, I'm high-strung 
 We might wind it up, unbound like we're trying for the Cy Young 
 Fuckin' 'fore we get to the house, screwin' our brains out 
 Like changing a lightbulb 
 That's why I like ya, 'cause I'm crazy just like ya 
 Now every time I get brain, you screw mine up 
 I barely can think straight, your head game is a mindfuck 
 So ready, set, aim and fire 
 Yes, babe, I'm fallin' in likeness kinda, why 
 I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me) 
 I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)
 I've drowned in high from the ashes 
 Now I can't recall your laughter 
 The smoke of everything go grasp 
 At ends of what's left over 
 And the lights in every broken 
 Blown-out window screaming, laughing 
 I hope to feel it coursing out 
 This is our revival
 Yeah, shout to everybody 
 Who's been on this trip with me 
 You don't have to agree 
 But if you feel like me 
 Someone get this Aryan a sheet 
 Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached 
 Everybody on your feet 
 This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street 
 This chump barely even sleeps 
 All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats 
 While he looks like a canary with a beak 
 Why you think he banned transgenders from the military with a tweet? 
 He's tryin' to divide us 
 The shit's like a cult, but like Johnny he'll only unite us 
 'Cause nothin' inside drives us like this fight does 
 Similar to when two cars collide 'cause 
 Our spirit's crushed, and this spot's a tight one 
 But here the jaws of life come 
 To pull us from the wreckage that's what we get pride from 
 When we can't wear stars and stripes 
 'Cause this type of pickle we're in is hard to deal 
 But there's always tomorrow still 
 If we start from the scratch like a scab, get the scars to heal 
 And band together for Charlottesville 
 And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals 
 Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter 
 Let's start from zero, this is our renewal 
 Spray tan, get ride of, get a brand new, better 
 America, and here's to where we're from 
 And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up) 
 Here's to the land that made me 
 And made me who I am, who I am (hands up) 
 Here's to the land that raised me 
 This one's for the only place that really knows me 
 From the cracks in the road that drove me 
 There's no place like home 
 Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya? 
 Can't denounce the Klan, 'cause they play golf with ya 
 You stay on Twitter, way to get your hate off Nazi 
 I do not see a way y'all differ 
 And all you got are race cards, bigot 
 The swastika with your name carved in it 
 Should be your trademark, 'cause hate's all you played off 
 And you just lick the plate off 
 So I guess it pays to feed off of chaos 
 So basically, you ate off Hitler 
 But you ain't ruinin' our country, punk 
 Or takin' our pride from us, you won't define us 
 'Cause like a dictionary, things are lookin' up 
 So much, got a sprained neck, know we would rise up 
 Against this train wreck and take a stand 
 Even if it means sittin' when they raise the flag 
 To sing "The Star-Spangled Banner", this man 
 Just praised a statue of General Lee 'cause he generally 
 Hates the black people, degrades Hispanics 
 Take it back to the Shady national convention 
 Wish I woulda spit on it before I went 
 To shake his hand at the event 
 Or maybe had the wherewithal 
 To know that he was gonna try to tear apart 
 Our sacred land we cherish and stand for 
 So, hands in the air, let's hear it for 
 The start of a brand new America 
 Without him and be proud of where we're from 
 And here's to where we're from 
 And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up) 
 Here's to the land that made me 
 And made me who I am, who I am (hands up) 
 Here's to the land that raised me 
 This one for the only place that really knows me 
 From the cracks in the road that drove me 
 There's no place like home 
 I won't give up 
 I won't give up on my home, that so many died for 
 You already know that I won't give up 
 I won't give up on my home, that so many died for 
 You already know 
 There's no place like home, no place like home 
 Wherever I go, no place like home 
 No place like home, no place like home 
 Wherever I go 
 Here's to where we all began, all began (stand up) 
 Here's to the land that made me 
 And made me who I am, who I am (hands up) 
 Here's to the land that raised me 
 This one for the only place that really knows me 
 From the cracks in the road that drove me 
 There's no place like home
 We never saw from each other's sides or eye to eye 
 Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight 
 So much baggage, need a luggage rack 
 But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds 
 Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you 
 Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth 
 Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue lashing, then you 
 Laughed at a stomach tat with the tomb stone 
 It was funny back in our youth 
 But then it wasn't after we knew 
 That we were done and actually through (and actually through) 
 But if there's one fraction of truth 
 If it could be spun back I would do 
 So many things different, 'cause it was such a dumbass excuse 
 You hit me once and that I would use 
 To continue the pattern of abuse 
 Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I'm confused 
 Because 
 How come you can be a lord and a loser? 
 How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? 
 A good dad, but a bad husband 
 Why are you a good father? 
 A great dad, but a bad husband 
 You were the beat I loved with a writer's block 
 The line that's hot, that I forgot 
 We laughed a little, cried a lot 
 I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie 
 Day before you went to jail and daily 
 How we'd wait for that mail lady 
 Or by the phone for Mom to call 
 And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on 
 Giving it one more try despite it all 
 You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark 
 I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box 
 When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot 
 Every line we crossed we were supposed to not 
 Every time we fought, the insults, they got thrown too far 
 Words that we said that we didn't mean 
 The words that we meant that we didn't say 
 The ones that we thought that we shoulda said 
 Letters written that we could have read 
 Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead 
 And had this put to bed 
 But I'd be lyin' still if I said 
 I wasn't sittin' here askin' myself 
 How come you can be a lord and a loser? 
 How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? 
 A good dad, but a bad husband 
 Why are you a good father? 
 A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (you said) 
 Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply) 
 But there's always another side to a good father 
 A great dad, but a bad husband 
 We brought out the worst in each other 
 Someone had to make the sparring end 
 'Cause I loved you, but I hated that me 
 And I don't wanna see that side again 
 But I'm sorry, Kim 
 More than you could ever comprehend 
 Leaving you was fucking harder than 
 Sawing off a fucking body limb 
 Once upon a time we're all we had 
 Maybe that's what drew us 
 To each other, it was true love 
 Shit we never knew was possible 
 We might have loved each other too much 
 And maybe that's what made us do what 
 We did to each other, all the screw-ups 
 'Cause you always thought that you was 
 More in love with me, and I was thinking 
 I was more in love than you was 
 For all the times that we thought it worked 
 Till we saw how wrong we were 
 When the dust settles now and all the dirt 
 If I touch the rawest nerve 
 All I want is for us not to hurt 
 And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words 
 But I just heard "Mockingbird" 
 And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts 
 The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds 
 I've caused a few and so have you 
 Or argue whose fault it was partly yours 
 Partly mine, but really no one's 
 This is so tough, I'm getting choked up 
 Oh fuck it, we both suck 
 We broke up, got back together 
 We both thought we had forever 
 Not bad people, just bad together 
 We were so nuts, backstabbed each other 
 Another blow struck 
 But there's no duckin' this blow 
 'Cause it's over and it's closure 
 But I'm not so sure how to close this 
 I just don't know how some people can be so good 
 At one thing and so fucked at a whole 'nother 
 Shit, it's no wonder 
 How come, how come, you can be a lord and a loser? 
 How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? 
 A good dad, but a bad husband 
 Why are you a good father? 
 A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (you said) 
 Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply) 
 But there's always another side to a good father 
 A great dad, but a bad husband
 I'm stumbling, I can't see straight 
 And it's my fault I got this way 
 I got my hands on something great 
 And found a way to mess it all up 
 I did my best, I tried to change 
 But it's just in my DNA 
 I got my hands on something great 
 And found a way to fuck it up again 
 Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more 
 But you're the one thing that I would die for 
 All my life I was told I was never nothing special 
 I don't need to be reminded of it every other second 
 'Specially when all my self-esteem's 
 Already shot to hell, I'm falling helplessly 
 I'm embarrased, I don't want no one else to see 
 'Cause I feel like I'm a piece of shit every time she yells at me 
 Selfishly addicted, definitely doesn't help that she 
 Makes me feel like I've died and gone to heaven 
 But makes life a living hell for me 
 She does that thing with her lip, now she's melting me 
 I'm putty in her palms, I'm wrapped around her finger 
 A yo-yo on a string, she lets me sit there and just dangle 
 Until something better comes along 
 And she'll just drop me like a hot potato 
 I look like I'm in pain, but I'm okay though 
 'Cause I know she loves me 
 My friends, what do they know? 
 It's like I'm drowning at sea 
 Hoping that you reach for me 
 I know you're there, but I can't see 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 I'm dying to breathe 
 And all you do is strangle me 
 Such a beautiful relief 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 Drunk off tragic endings 
 In my moments of weakness 
 I openly admit the shit I wouldn't normally 
 I'm extremely self-conscious and enormously 
 Insecure and she uses it to torture when she torments me 
 It only turns to ammunition for her in this war, when she 
 Gets going she don't stop, when I'm up she's like a downer 
 When I found her it was love at first encounter 
 Plus, somehow she musta took the carton of eggs off the counter 
 Cracked them and placed all the shells on the ground for 
 Me to walk on when I'm around her 
 But there's just something about her 
 That makes me not able to function without her 
 How can I get out of it when I don't know how to? 
 I'm a doubter, I'm a pessimist, make a believer out of me 
 And show me the way now or stay the fuck out of my cloud of rain 
 'Cause I'm going straight down the drain, I'm drowning 
 It's like I'm drowning at sea 
 Hoping that you reach for me 
 I know you're there, but I can't see 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 I'm dying to breathe 
 And all you do is strangle me 
 Such a beautiful relief 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 Drunk off tragic endings 
 Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more 
 But you're the one thing that I would die for 
 It took a while for me to get it, but I think I've figured it out 
 She don't want me, she just don't wanna see me with someone else 
 The idea of seeing me happy destroys her in itself 
 To see me falling to pieces brings her joy and brings her hell 
 But it annoys her to see me get this straight, then say "screw her!" 
 I threw up on myself, I'm dumb sick, I'm addicted to her 
 She's tryna block the door, so here's how I do her 
 Since I'm manure, she's a sewer 
 And this time this piece of shit's running through her 
 I can see the light, now I'm running to it 
 What the fuck? Shoulda knew it 
 Who would think she'd actually have the balls to do it? 
 As soon as I hopped in it, she gassed the car with lighter fluid 
 She's standing there with a rag, 'bout to put the lighter to it 
 Lit the fucking thing on fire, then she threw it 
 It's like I'm drowning at sea 
 Hoping that you reach for me 
 I know you're there, but I can't see 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 I'm dying to breathe 
 And all you do is strangle me 
 Such a beautiful relief 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 Drunk off tragic endings
 Feeling kinky 
 Lip syncing to Too $hort's "Freaky Tales" (Biatch) 
 Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking 
 Envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells 
 I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she decals 
 But when murdering females 
 Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed 
 Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail 
 If you get scratched because your DNA'll 
 Be all up under her fingernails 
 Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares 
 He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears 
 Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware 
 Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs 
 She's unaware in no underwear 
 She's completely bare 
 Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly 
 I said "I'm here to do sink repairs." 
 Chop her up, put her body parts 
 In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there 
 But damnit, I was framed 
 I know what this looks like, officers 
 Please just give me one minute 
 I think I can explain 
 I ain't murdered nobody 
 I know these words are so nutty 
 But I'm just here to entertain 
 How come your shirt is so bloody? 
 There's a missing person, so what? 
 He's got nothin' to do with me 
 I'm almost certain I was framed 
 Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong 
 Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on 
 Donald Duck's on as the Tonka Truck in the yard 
 But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car? 
 Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it 
 Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon 
 Me, 'cause I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde 
 Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond 
 Second murder with no recollection of it 
 Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' up sections from it 
 Memory's too fucked to remember 
 Destructive temper cut my public defender's 
 Jugular then stuck him up in a blender 
 Another dismembered toddler 
 Discovered this winter probably 
 'Cause the disassembled body 
 Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly 
 I'm wanted for questioning 
 Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me 
 But hey man, I was framed 
 I know what this looks like, officers 
 Please just give me one minute 
 I think I can explain 
 I ain't murdered nobody 
 I know these words are so nutty 
 But I'm just here to entertain 
 How come your shirt is so bloody? 
 There's a missing person, so what? 
 He's got nothin' to do with me 
 I'm almost certain I was framed 
 Still on the loose, they 
 Spotted me inside McDonald's, Tuesday 
 In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate 
 With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher 
 Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase 
 Just escaped from the state pen 
 For rapin' eight women who hate men 
 Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked 
 When I break in your basement 
 Under your baby's play pen, I lay and wait adjacent 
 Facin' the door, remaining patient 
 While stayin' complacent blatant 
 Sexual implications are continuing to get thrown 
 Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems 
 Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home 
 You'll get the hint, ho, I'm in your window 
 But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene 
 In a verse and be charged with first degree 
 'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly 
 With the massacre or the Burger King burglary 
 No, officer, you see 
 I was framed 
 I know what this looks like, officers 
 Please just give me one minute 
 I think I can explain 
 I ain't murdered nobody 
 I know these words are so nutty 
 But I'm just here to entertain 
 How come your shirt is so bloody? 
 There's a missing person, so what? 
 He's got nothin' to do with me 
 I'm almost certain I was framed
 Ashes blowing in the air 
 The world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never getting old 
 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold 
 Fuck doin' what you're told 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
 I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track 
 This road is takin' me back down memory lane with this rap 
 I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback 
 I'm simply stating a fact, I had Wembley Stadium packed 
 But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast 
 Another terrorist attacks 
 Like a tariff, blows half of Madison Square up, alas 
 We perish in the blast 
 But that isn't scaring us, we pass nowhere we're fearless 
 'Cause we're just 
 Ashes blowing in the air 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a... no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never getting old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' nowhere 
 We're on the run of our lives 
 Goin' nowhere fast 
 Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year old 
 Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow 
 Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral 
 When I'm devisin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning 
 That's why I rise and I shine 
 Like a new day has dawned on me 
 Gusto, guts, bravado 
 Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot 
 I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle 
 'Cause some stuff that's awful 
 Really don't mean nothin' although 
 There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow 
 But if at times my heart it seems 
 Like it's in the wrong place 
 It's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve 
 Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer 
 Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward 
 But where we're goin', we have no idea 
 Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here 
 I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist 
 Just one spark and it's lit 
 But I'mma still get dark on this shit 
 Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch-war machine 
 But you forced me in a corner 
 I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear 
 And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe 
 Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu 
 I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un 
 And end up ruinin' your career 
 But when all is said and done 
 And at the end of my run I'll just rewind clocks, forever young 
 Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come 
 Till the pine box, bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was 
 Till the bomb drops, hope it never does 
 But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause 
 This world's screwed, it's already fucked 
 And I'm on top, so everyone's just 
 Ashes blowing in the air (so we're...) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a... no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never getting old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' nowhere 
 We're on the run of our lives 
 Goin' nowhere fast 
 You can't tell us nothin' 
 Hard-headed and we're stubborn 
 So, one ear and out the other when we're young, we're young 
 (We're on the run of our lives) 
 Who knows what the future for us could hold 
 Another shooter? Uh oh 
 (We're on the run of our lives) 
 No more tomorrows, we're done 
 And all we are is- 
 Ashes blowing in the air (so we're...) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah) 
 (We don't give a... no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never getting old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
 (Post-Chorus: Kehlani) 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' nowhere 
 We're on the run of our lives 
 Goin' nowhere fast
 Wanna take it from the top? 
 Lady, you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit 
 'Cause you got an ass thick as them accents 
 Two asscheek implants, call that an asset 
 'Cause you could set a glass on it, it's massive 
 From the first time I saw you, I actually said to myself 
 "I gotta meet her" like a taxi 
 Exactly, love affair in the backseat 
 Sorry if I'm being graphic 
 But I'm stiff as a statue, you sat on a shelf 
 I feel like I'mma bust, maybe I'm just ahead of myself 
 Let me slow down, slow your Camaro 
 I'm tryna catch up, I'm tryna jump your bones to the marrow 
 Got me under your control and your spell 
 Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow 
 Grab you by the (meow), hope it's not a problem, in fact 
 About the only thing I agree on with Donald is that 
 So when I put this palm on your cat 
 Don't snap, it's supposed to get grabbed 
 Why do you think they call it a snatch? 
 I just wanna climb in the sack 
 I'ma keep it a hundred like my speedometer's at 
 I'm watchin' you rap, I'm the dude followin' back 
 About six cars, I'm in the 'lac, and I want to (ah) 
 All day, all day, all night 
 You ask, I stay the night 
 With you, you say you're fire 
 Me too, you're burning up, I'm running 
 All day, all night 
 You feel, my heat (fire) 
 Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel 
 My heat 
 Hate to inconvenience you at the convenience store 
 But them jeans you wore, like I've never seen before 
 I pretend I work there while I clean the floor 
 Checkin' you out, like the clerk while he rings you up 
 Pull up behind you when you're leavin' 
 And you don't even know it (ayo Rick, man) 
 She's brushin' her hair, adjustin' her mirror 
 She's rappin' my shit, but she wasn't aware 
 I was there, or maybe she was and just didn't care 
 Who knows? At least that ain't up in the air 
 It's somethin' to see 
 So like a chick who thinks her coochie don't stink 
 If she ain't plannin' to do shit this summer's eve 
 Maybe she wants to keep me company 
 But fuck the Pep Le Pew shit 
 "Ain't steppin' to you, bitch," I say to myself 
 Plus she's bumpin' my music, ain't chasin' no tail 
 Like a skunk in heat, I could sweat her to some degree 
 But fuck it, I'm the male, let her come to me 
 (Could you repeat that again?) 
 Let her come to me 
 Male sweater, heat, some degree, fail 
 Fuck it, pull up beside her 
 Sideswipe her, Dodge Vipe-her, with a so bright a 
 Ass that she wants a computer lodged in her vagina 
 Said my dick is an apple, she said put it inside her 
 I said 
 All day, all day, all night 
 You ask, I stay the night 
 With you, you say you're fire 
 Me too, you're burning up, I'm running 
 All day, all night 
 You feel, my heat (fire) 
 Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel 
 My heat 
 Black out, come to, hands covered in blood 
 Motherfuckin' gloves and a shovel stuck in the mud 
 I just bodied the beat, so that ho musta been dug 
 'Cause it just died like food coloring (duh) 
 So let's get turnt like a shish kabab 
 Twist it, ma, like an air-conditioning knob 
 We'd be great together, don't care if it takes forever 
 If I gotta wait, I guess it's better late than never 
 You felt my heat rubbin' off on ya 
 I love your personality, come on, little mama 
 You're hot enough to melt Rick's beat, come jump in the water 
 I bet you get your self-esteem from your persona 
 With an ass to match, girl, your body is lit 
 You're striking, I'm a gas, girl, you're 
 Just gonna have to put them other chumps on the back burner 
 You got buns, I got Asperger's 
 Just let me rest my head between that set of D's 
 While I shred MC's like cheddar cheese 
 That's just the thoroughbred in me, ain't a better breed 
 My dog thinks so too, look at my pedigree 
 Ma, the world is what I think of you 
 I think you're divine, so I might swing on you 
 I'm just kiddin', girl, I wouldn't lift a finger or two 
 Unless it's the middle one to finger you 
 All day, all day, all night 
 You ask, I stay the night 
 With you, you say you're fire 
 Me too, you're burning up, I'm running 
 Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel 
 My heat 
 On the ones and twos, to three or four in the mornin' 
 Rick's on the cut like Neosporin (what?) 
 He's mixin' it up for me and Lauren 
 A teddy like short for Theodore 
 We're outtie, five thousand 
 Who the fuck? It's my big dick 
 So everybody get ready right fucking now!
 You claim if you get knocked by the cops 
 You'll give 'em not even a statement 
 Walk in the arraignment 
 Shoot the bailiff, karate kick the plaintiff 
 Gotti with the stainless 
 I'll just call it shoddy entertainment 
 If y'all was in the party gettin' faded 
 On molly, had the audience sedated 
 You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted 
 Probably let it fall and hit the pavement 
 But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it 
 Bitch, stop bein' a lame 
 Your hobby isn't robbery and dismemberin' body limbs 
 Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells 
 And chainsawin' them in the basement 
 Hardly fits your job description 
 Ain't nobody dippin' out the back of the club 
 Like, "Oh my God, he's trippin'!" 
 Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it? 
 Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it 
 I need to stop bein' debated 
 You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still copping a feel 
 Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill 
 Then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee 
 Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy 
 This blonde fuck's reprehensible 
 Misconducts, never sensible 
 Kiss my butt, my set of principles 
 Is gone, but till I get the President to respond 
 My pen and pencil is a missile launcher 
 And send it to Mitch McConnell 
 Just as big of a bitch as Donald-shit's on, bruh 
 Let me sing this shit soprano 
 While I do it pizzicato 
 Ivanka, stiff arm her while I'm hittin' on Melania 
 And this song's for all ya 
 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me 
 They want me to go eat some worms 
 (I hope you offended) 
 And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt 
 But I'ma make you eat your words 
 (I hope you offended) 
 You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 
 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse 
 (I hope you offended) 
 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 
 Till everybody eats my turds 
 These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me 
 Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery 
 Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam 
 I'm gettin' handys with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest 
 I'm imagining objects, so I'm batting cobwebs 
 From a daddy longleg 
 And Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera 
 Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat 
 I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic 
 With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent 
 Twice your age and I'm actin' half it 
 Grow up? Nah, not that I know of, y'all 
 Basement just got a frickin' overhaul 
 Got a stripper pole installed 
 Started rollin' all through those Kolonopins like a bowlin' ball 
 Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol 
 And go through no withdrawal 
 While I get fellatio and give a facial to 
 An interracial blow-up doll of Rachel Dolezal 
 You're so appalled ("Em..."), so's my manager 
 Bitch, I'm amateur, fuck a pro career 
 Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here 
 And nobody's close, so don't compare 
 They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here 
 My competition can't see me 
 'Cause I don't own a mirror 
 But Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted 
 I'm so narcissistic, when I fart I sniff it 
 Do a fake dab to smell my armpits with it 
 Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs 
 But I made strides with these rape lines 
 I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes 
 Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes 
 Bang, bang, bang, bang time 
 Dang knives'll butcher them gay wives 
 You're gonna need sutures the same size 
 As the blade I push into caput'cha 
 When I pull 'em like 
 Sleigh rides 
 Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times to make it on Dateline 
 I came to stake my claim like a canine waitin' in a buffet line 
 So, Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre 
 Come play, belly dance on me 
 I've been making wedding plans all day 
 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me 
 They want me to go eat some worms 
 (I hope you offended) 
 And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt 
 But I'ma make you eat your words 
 (I hope you offended) 
 You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 
 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse 
 (I hope you offended) 
 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 
 Till everybody eats my turds 
 Eight year old with the wordplay 
 Girl, take this pole like a survey 
 Today wasn't my birthday 
 But I'm caked up like a dessert tray 
 So we're in shape, 'cause you're in a slurrin' state 
 I'm a ten, you're an eight 
 Like what I do before, after and during rape 
 You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better? 
 And they made a fool out of what I pulled out him 
 R. Kelly with a full bladder 
 Non-high school grad, I'm not a scholar 
 But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge 
 My degrees is the same as I got in college (zero) 
 But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect 
 I owe you nada like lodi partner that blow me 
 Told you I'm so dirty, homie, you can throw me in some holy water 
 With some floaties on and get the soap 
 And try to get the Pope to hold me while you hose me off 
 And nope, I won't be washed 
 You hope to God I don't explode 
 I gotta blow this spot up though, I got a lotta mo' 
 I won't put the sugar coating on it though 
 'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired 
 Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped 
 You feel like a wet pile of crap 
 But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone 
 Uh huh, I get why you're tapped 
 But you gotta get your fire back 
 Catch fire, get upset and fire back 
 Is what I tell myself when times get bad 
 'Cause sometimes I might get sad 
 Well, I take the same advice I had 
 And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie when life's a drag 
 Told her to do like her dad: don't cry, get mad 
 'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags 
 I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me 
 I'm right in your ass (sodomy) 
 'Fore the pen, I stood up for the kid 
 Who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school) 
 You ain't have to have no money 
 Or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude 
 Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain 
 It's rised too high to count it 
 Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish 
 I had a dime for every time that I was doubted 
 But then I think about it then I'm enraged 
 'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid 
 For the time I spent to put the pen to the page 
 It'd be minimum wage 
 But it's embedded in my head 
 I never hunted for the bread and butter 
 What I wanted was to be the one that they was scared of but 
 I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood 
 I put up in the pen, and when I'm dead I wonder 
 Will they put me on a pedestal 
 Or forget I was ever this incredible 
 I guess I better go harder than ever 
 'Cause I'll never get another motherfuckin' opportunity again 
 To offend as many people with this I can, simply because I can 
 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me 
 They want me to go eat some worms 
 (I hope you offended) 
 And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt 
 But I'ma make you eat your words 
 (I hope you offended) 
 You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 
 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse 
 (I hope you offended) 
 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 
 Till everybody eats my turds
 You're drunk, the carpet is burned 
 I hate to find you like this 
 I always find you like this 
 I come home and clean up your mess 
 What would you do without that? 
 Why do I always come back? 
 Oh, what I wouldn't do for you 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Some nights I want to run for the hills 
 It's never easy with you 
 I cannot reason with you 
 But your smile is as rare as it comes 
 What would I do without that? 
 Maybe that's why I come back 
 Oh, what I wouldn't do for you 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Startin' to think we were made for each other 
 But one of us in this relationship is raisin' the other 
 You remind me of my mother 
 We drive one another crazy as each other 
 And we're both adults so there's no excuse 
 For the games that we play with each other 
 Where you at? At a friend's? No, you ain't, motherfucker 
 But I give her the benefit of the doubt 
 Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver when I touch her 
 'Cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker 
 Our bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble 
 She's in hot water, think I caught her cheatin' again 
 Give her another chance? Another one after that? 
 I'm swimmin' in that Egyptian river, 'cause I'm in denial 
 Say I don't eat shit, but I got a shit-eatin' grin when I smile 
 Makin' an excuse for us to act it out 
 She's just actin' out, with her inner child 
 Then I set the truth on fire 
 'Cause I'd rather believe a lie 
 Than to breathe a sigh of relieve I don't believe in 
 Going to bed mad, I keep on tryin' 
 To make a bad girl good 
 But haven't I stood by you in good times? 
 And bad? I'm startin' to feel like your goddamn dad 
 'Cause I literally feel like you could die of a "should I 
 Leave you for good?"-so never would I 
 It'd be all bad, never understood why they call it goodbye 
 But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy 
 And you're a good person too 
 I can save you, I can make you change 
 But I keep puttin' my fuckin' foot in my mouth 
 Every time I gotta come and bail you out 
 When you get in trouble that you get yourself in 
 And I'm in trouble but I can't leave, I'll sell you out 
 I could never turn my fuckin' back on you, what is that? 
 I'm co-dependent, I'm just now noticin' it 
 But somehow it's like every time I'm about to go to end it 
 I ain't got the cojones to do it, nor the heart 
 Our apartment's tore apart 
 You're usin' my heart for a dartboard 
 But God must've aligned stars for us 
 'Cause somebody paired us up 
 And they say He ain't capable of makin' a mistake 
 But this one's perfect 
 'Cause I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh 
 I'm packin' up my shit, as much shit in the car as I can fit 
 And I'm just drivin' as far as I can get 
 Away from these problems till all of my sorrows I forget 
 What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm startin' life again 
 Get to the corner and stop, fuck am I goin'? 
 Besides psycho when I fantasize startin' my whole life over 
 Yeah right, oh and I might go and 
 Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one 
 I try to look alive because there's nothin' like holdin' 
 Your head up high when you're dead inside and I just hide, so in 
 Case you're wonderin' why my inside's showin' 
 'Cause I done spilled all my guts and those are mine so I'm 
 Pickin' 'em up and stuffin' 'em back 
 Fuck it, I've done enough in this rap shit 
 Recovery brought me nothin' but back 
 To where I was and perhaps 
 This coulda been my victory lap if I wasn't on the verge of Relapse 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh 
 It seems to be the reoccurring main thing 
 The shit I would daydream as a kid, I was eighteen 
 I went from an irate teenager to still raging 
 Isn't it though amazing, back then I put anything 
 Into the rhyme, whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry 
 I spit it, the mainstream, I hit it 
 Yay me, I did it! Did what? 
 Hailie, baby, I didn't mean to make you eighty 
 Percent of what I rapped about 
 Maybe I shoulda did a better job at separating 
 Shady and entertaining from real life 
 But this dang thing is still the hardest thing to explain 
 It's the craziest shit I 
 Ever seen, and back then it was like I ain't even 
 Bothered taking into consideration 
 You one day being older and may hear me say things 
 I did it, pay me, and be, it just ain't me 
 Okay, so ladies and gentlemen let's strip away everything 
 And see the main reason that I feel like a lame piece of shit 
 Or should I sound cranky and bitter 
 Complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things 
 'Cause when I look at me, I don't see what they see 
 I feel ashamed, greedy 
 And lately I've been contemplating 
 Escaping to get away and go wherever this road takes me 
 It's making me crazy what's in my 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh
 I built this castle 
 Now we are trapped on the throne 
 I'm sorry we're alone 
 I wrote my chapter 
 You'll turn the page when I'm gone 
 I hope you'll sing along 
 This is your song 
 I just want you to know that I ain't scared 
 Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared 
 To do whatever, to do whatever 
 December 1st, 1995, dear Hailie 
 This is your song 
 You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon 
 I better do something quick if I'mma be able to support you 
 I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy 
 That's all that matters for the time being 
 But obviously assuming you will be 
 Just thinking ahead, I'ma make it if it kills me 
 Let's see how far I can take it with this music 
 I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion 
 Sorry for sloppy writing 
 The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me 
 Dad's a little nervous, but at the same time excited 
 If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write 'em 
 With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm 
 As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can feel me as I'm 
 Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl 
 For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl 
 Welcome to Mom and Dad's crazy world 
 Love, Daddy, maple-flavored kisses, buttered pancakes and syrup 
 I built this castle 
 Now we are trapped on the throne 
 I'm sorry we're alone 
 I wrote my chapter 
 You'll turn the page when I'm gone 
 I hope you'll sing along 
 This is your song 
 I just want you to know that I ain't scared 
 Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared 
 To do whatever, to do whatever 
 December 1st, 1996, dear Hailie 
 You got your mama's personality, same eyes as I got 
 Her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are 
 Sorry for that, a little minor mishap 
 But you'll grow into 'em, baby, I'm on the grind now 
 I'm doing little shows, open mics, all-nighters at studios 
 While I'm tryna keep the lights on 
 Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far? 
 I just keep steering, I'mma turn into someone 
 I haven't the slightest clue what I'mma do if it falls through 
 You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon 
 My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes 
 They're talking bad about Dad, it's ticking me off too 
 Makes me feel like I don't belong or something, ooh 
 I think I might have just stumbled onto something new 
 Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping that you 
 Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true 
 I built this castle 
 Now we are trapped on the throne 
 I'm sorry we're alone 
 I wrote my chapter 
 You'll turn the page when I'm gone 
 I hope you'll sing along 
 This is your song 
 I just want you to know that I ain't scared 
 Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared 
 To do whatever, to do whatever 
 December 24th, 2007, dear Hailie 
 Now if you found these letters, I guess I better try to explain 
 A lot's happened in between them since I rised to this fame 
 I've said your name but always tried to hide your face 
 This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you, but dang 
 I never knew it'd be like this, if I did I wouldn't have done it 
 You ain't asked for none of this shit, now you're being punished?! 
 Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public 
 I can't stomach, they can take this fame back, I don't want it 
 I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it 
 One-hundred percent finished 
 Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it 
 Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know 
 That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold 
 And if things should worsen, don't take this letter I wrote 
 As a goodbye note, 'cause your dad's at the end of his rope 
 I'm sliding down a slippery slope 
 Anyways sweetie, I better go 
 I'm getting sleepy, love, Dad... shit, I don't know
 If I could rewind time like a tape 
 Inside a boombox, one day for every pill or Percocet that I ate 
 Cut down on the Valium, I'da heard everything 
 But death is turning so definite-wait 
 They got me all hooked up to some machine 
 I love you, being, didn't want you to know I was struggling 
 Feels like I'm underwater submerged like a submarine 
 Just heard that nurse say my liver and kidneys aren't functioning 
 Been flirtatious with death, skirt-chasing, I guess 
 It's arrivederci, same nurse, just heard say they're unplugging me 
 And it's your birthday, Jade, I'm missing your birthday 
 Baby girl, I'm sorry, I fucking hate when you hurt, Hai 
 And sweeties, thank you for waiting to open gifts 
 But, girls, you can just open 'em 
 Dad ain't making it home for Christmas 
 Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss 
 I go to make a fist, but I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff 
 I yell, but nothing comes out, I'm crying inside, I shout 
 My vocal cords won't permit me, I scream, but it's not aloud 
 You put your arm around Mama to calm her, wow 
 I just thought about the aisle, I'll never get to walk us down 
 Never see you graduate in your caps and gowns 
 It's 'bout to be 2008, how's this happening now? 
 I've got so much more to do 
 And, Proof, I'm truly sorry if I let you down, but this tore me in two 
 The thought of no more me and you 
 You gave me shoes, Nikes like new for me for school 
 Doody, I'm trying, but you, you were the glue that binded 
 So many things-time, I'd give anything to rewind it 
 I had to walk down my halls and constantly be reminded 
 By pictures all on my walls and I couldn't sleep at night 'cause 
 That image burned in my brain of you on that table 
 Me falling across your body, not able to stand to save you 
 God, why did you take him? 
 I'm tryna keep his legacy alive, but I'm dying, where's Nathan? 
 Little ladies, be brave, take care of your mother 
 Smile pretty for pictures, always cherish each other 
 I'll always love ya and I'll be in the back of your memory 
 And I know you'll never forget me 
 Just don't get sad when remembering 
 And, little bro, keep making me proud 
 You better marry that girl 'cause she's faithfully down 
 And when you're exchanging those sacred vows 
 Just know that if I could be there, I would 
 And should you ever see parenthood, I know you'll be good at it 
 Oh, almost forgot to do something, thank my father too 
 I actually learned a lot from you 
 You taught me what not to do 
 And, Mom, wish I'd have had the chance 
 To have one last heart-to-heart honest and open talk with you 
 Doody, I see you, I go to walk to you 
 And I can feel my soul leave my body and float across the room 
 Nurses lean over the bed, pulling tubes out 
 Then the sheet over my head, shut the room down 
 Girls, please don't get upset 
 I see them cheeks soaking and wet 
 As you squeeze hold of my neck, so forcibly, don't wanna let 
 Me go, pillow drenched, emotional wrecks 
 With every second, each closer to death 
 But suddenly I feel my heart begin to beat slow 
 Then a breath, machines go 
 Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit 
 I'm tryna rewind time like a tape 
 Find an escape, make a beeline, try and awake 
 From this dream, I need to re-find my inner strength 
 To remind me, even if a steep climb I must take 
 To rewrite a mistake, I'm rewinding the tape 
 Part II: Castle Extended 
 (I don't want it) 
 I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it 
 One hundred percent finished, fed up with it 
 I'm hanging it up, fuck it! 
 Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know 
 That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold 
 And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't 
 I'm pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet 
 Shred these old letters I wrote 
 All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll 
 I'm proud to be back 
 I'm 'bout to, like a rematch, outdo Relapse 
 With Recovery, Mathers LP2 
 Help propel me to victory laps 
 Gas toward 'em and fast forward the past 
 Consider the last four minutes as 
 The song I'da sang to my daughters 
 If I'da made it to the hospital less than two hours later, but I fought it 
 And came back like a boomerang on 'em 
 Now a new day is dawnin' 
 I'm up, Tuesday, it's mornin'-now I know
 Yo 
 Yo, I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts and see where this takes me 
 'Cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now 
 Yeah, let me explain just how to make greatness 
 Straight out the gate, I'm 'bout to break you down 
 Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake I'm 'bout 
 To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows 
 If I press the issue just to get the anger out (blllt) 
 Full magazine could take Staples out 
 Savage but ain't thinking 'bout no bank account 
 But bitch I'm off the chain like Taylor Brown 
 Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I'm talkin', lil' bitch 
 I'm sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin' 
 My talent? Oh, bitch I don't know who the fuck y'all are 
 To give a sub-par bar 
 Even have an opinion if you, you mention me 
 Millions of views, attention the news 
 I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you 
 Billions of views, your ten cents are two 
 Skim through the music to give a shit reviews 
 To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse 
 Don't get misconstrued, business as us' 
 Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do 
 Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get what the fuck half the shit is that you're listening t-to 
 Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow 
 Everyone copies though? Probably no 
 Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi, yo, adios 
 I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though 
 Not even dissin', it just ain't for me 
 All I am simply is just an emcee 
 Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea 
 Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean 
 Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably shake the world up if it were up to me 
 Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill 
 I should eat a pill, probably I will 
 Old me kill the new me, watch him bleed to death 
 I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath 
 Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed 
 Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (evil, but spelled) 
 Jam a Crest white strip in the tip of my dick with an ice pick 
 Stick it in a vice grip, hang it on a spike fence 
 Bang it with a pipe wrench 
 While I take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch 
 Like vice-president Mike Pence 
 Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip 
 These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic 
 Since nine-tenths of your rhyme is about ice and 
 Jesus Christ man, how many times is someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!) 
 You will never see Em icy, but as cold as I get on the M-I-C 
 I polarize shit so the Thames might freeze 
 And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it 
 Bitch I got the club on smash like a nightstick (yeah) 
 Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough 
 Nah, turn the valium up 
 'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut now 
 When it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at 
 I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks you'll just turn around and just be like 
 "Man, how the fuck sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks and now he wants to take it out on us?" (ooh) 
 But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy of The Mathers LP to tell me to study 
 It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (ooh) 
 I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that 
 I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry 
 Especially an effing Recovery clone of me 
 So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Iggy 'zae 
 Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne 
 I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name 
 I'm fed up with being humble 
 And rumor is I'm hungry 
 I'm sure you heard bumblings 
 I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach 
 I heard your mumbling but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo 
 The era that I'm from will pummel you 
 That's what it's comin' to 
 What the fuck are you gonna do, where you runnin' to? 
 I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two 
 And dump on you if you ain't Joyner 
 If you ain't Kendrick or Cole 
 Or Sean then you're a goner 
 I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it 
 I guess when you walk into BK, you expect a Whopper 
 You can order a quarter pounder when you go to McDonald's 
 But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival 
 But y'all are acting like I tried to serve you up a slider 
 Maybe the vocals should have been auto-tuned and you would have bought it 
 But sayin' I no longer got it 'cause you missed the line and never caught it 
 'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it 
 'Cause you're mentally retarded but pretend to be the smartest 
 With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist 
 And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be, regardless 
 What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest 
 Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it 
 Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic 
 With a bottle full of malt liquor 
 But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer 
 The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom if I don't 
 Pull myself from the jaws of defeat 
 And rise to my feet 
 I don't see why y'all even started with me 
 I get impeached 
 My enemies die 
 I don't ceasefire till at least all are deceased 
 I'm eastside, never be caught slippin' 
 Now you see why I don't sleep 
 Not even a wink, I don't blink 
 I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats 
 I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze 
 "Aw, man! 
 That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage 
 The Thing ain't even orange 
 Oh my God, that's a reach" 
 Shout to all my colorblind people 
 Each and every one of y'all 
 If you call a fire engine green, aquamarine 
 Or you think water is pink 
 "Dawg, that's a date" 
 "Looks like an olive to me" 
 "Look, there's an apple" 
 "No it's not, it's a peach!" 
 So finger-bang, Pootie Tang, Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang 
 Charlamagne gonna hate anyway 
 Doesn't matter what I say 
 Give me Donkey of the Day 
 What a way for 2018 to get underway 
 But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say 
 Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah) 
 Invite them in like a one a day 
 I'm not done (preach) 
 'Cause I feel like the beast of burden 
 That line in the sand, was it even worth it? 
 'Cause the way I see people turnin' 
 Is makin' it seem worthless 
 It's startin' to defeat the purpose 
 I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds 
 And I was just trying to do the right thing, but word 
 Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict 
 Or still yet to be determined? 
 'Cause I'm determined to be me, critique the worship 
 But if I could go back, I'd at least reword it 
 And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent sold the dream to that he's deserted 
 But I think it's workin' 
 These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous 
 And he's too scared to answer me with words 
 'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered 
 But I know at least he's heard it 
 'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service 
 To meet in person 
 To see if I really think of hurtin' him 
 Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists 
 I said, "Only when it comes to ink and lyricists" 
 But my beef is more media journalists 
 (Hold up, hold up, hold up) 
 I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist 
 They can get a mouthful of flesh 
 And yes, I mean eating a penis 
 'Cause they been panning my album to death 
 So I been giving the media fingers 
 Don't wanna turn this to a counselling sesh 
 But they been puttin' me through the ringer 
 So I ain't ironin' shit out with the press 
 But I just took this beat to the cleaners
 Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah), sayin' I should quit (yeah) 
 I fuckin' tell them make me (bitch), eat a fuckin' dick (yeah) 
 I'm feelin' like the greatest (woo), wanna be whoever did it 
 Mike Will the one who made it, it's Shady on the lyrics 
 I'm somewhat outlandish they say 
 You say that we're cut from the same cloth but I guess you fabricate, eh? 
 You better bring more men than the latter day saints 
 Manic states, even padded with automatic stay pray 
 Gat anything that may stay in their way 
 As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade 
 And a tray eh, at the Mandalay Bay 
 Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late 
 James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee 
 Must have missed my cat-scan that day 
 I just threw a Tampax at Dre 
 Trashcan tasks cam and ashtray 
 I'm turning back to a madman can't take anymore 
 But I try to get away from the anger and rage my basic alias is an A to the K 
 Get your ass spayed like bidets breakin' your legs ain't givin' ways ankle 
 The ways you chumps don't even know how to do somethin' to give goosebumps a day when you say 
 That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat if you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain 
 Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell the- 
 Bar for me what I rap, is it there? 
 But, guess that's the standard I'm held to 
 But if somethin' like that doesn't tell you 
 You set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure 
 But you better take it back to the shelter and Hamburger Helper 'cause dammit I'm still the... 
 Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world 
 (No lie) I might be 
 The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it 
 I feel like the greatest joker to honkey sounding like me 
 Never be as good, never be as good 
 Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what? 
 I'm the greatest 
 So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (What?) 
 Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (Haha) 
 Wait, what was I just about to say? 
 Oh yeah, let me get this out the way 
 I know there's people that are pissed about the way I misprounouced a name 
 "Die antwoord!" 
 Fuck! I still can't say the shit 
 But how quickly they forget who the fuck I was 
 Now ninja try to duck my slugs to let ya girl get fucked by monks 
 I'd like to give a shout to Cypress 
 This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to give you a shout 
 Now get the fuck out my rhyme book 
 No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers 
 I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it 
 God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window, somebody better child-proof it 
 'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit 
 And I can remind motherfuckers I'll do shit 
 You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit, I bullshit you not 
 Y'all fools just forgot that I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts 
 And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop 
 So you call it an Austral 'cause it's not-gonna-ever 
 I'll never let up on the pedal might as well get the mop 
 'Cause I'm wiping everyone up in this genre 
 'Cause on the mic I fee like I'm the... 
 Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world 
 (No lie) I might be 
 The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it 
 I feel like the greatest joker to honkey sounding like me 
 Never be as good, never be as good 
 Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what? 
 I'm the greatest 
 Oh yeah and one more thing I want to mention 
 Is you're one dimension 
 I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention 
 I love contentions so welcome to the gun convention 
 Muscles flexin', gotta strut like I flunked suspension 
 And you just stuck the key up in the ignition 
 And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah) 
 Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft 
 I just slapped ISIS with a ISIS flag, bet you I come back twice as bad (uh) 
 Revival didn't go viral! 
 Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road 
 Fuck that I'm finna hip back till I run out of gun powder and split the scene 
 Hold the mic like similar to pistol squeeze 
 And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things 
 And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine drinking, [?] gets mean 
 Bars on these boys when I split them schemes 
 That's why I call the motherfuckers M-16's 
 Float like a butterfly, I'ma sting like a bee you ain't harming a thing 
 I get a day hard as I'm gonna swing, I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling 
 But like a wedding band you gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring 
 An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali 'cause I know one day I'm gonna be the 
 Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world 
 (No lie) I might be 
 The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it 
 I feel like the greatest joker to honkey sounding like me 
 Never be as good, never be as good 
 Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what? 
 I'm the greatest
 Whoa, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it 
 I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it 
 All my life I want a Grammy but I'll prolly never get it 
 I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon 
 Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules 
 I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose 
 Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food 
 Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you 
 Fuck you too, woo! 
 Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move 
 Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice 
 Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot 
 Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice 
 Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall 
 Turn my back on you, all of you finished 
 Back to these bullets, it's back to the job 
 Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin' 
 Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin' 
 These packs and I'm actually pumpin' 
 Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin' 
 You mighta went platinum, but that don't mean nothin' 
 I'm actually buzzin' this time 
 Straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine 
 I do not fuck with you guys 
 If I don't kill you, just know you gon' suffer this time 
 I ain't no gangster but I got some bangers 
 Some chains and some blades and a couple of knives 
 Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree 
 My twelve days of Christmas was nothin' but lies 
 I run at you hard like a sumo (sumo) 
 They say I talk like a chulo (chulo) 
 I live in Mars, I'm not Bruno (woo) 
 Bitch I'm a dog, call me Cujo (rah) 
 You play your cards, I reverse on you all 
 And I might just drop all like a Uno (bup) 
 Cllate boca mejor, maricn, little puto, and all of you culo 
 They've invented a level off in the ghetto to ghetto 
 Lookin' for somethin' I prolly can never find now 
 Shit get relevant until the beef die down 
 In truth a nigga just really want me tied down 
 I've been alone and I never needed nobody 
 Just only me and my shawty, I'll tell these niggas to lie down 
 Keep all of the money, I never wanted the lifestyle 
 I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now 
 I said ain't no love for the other side 
 Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner) 
 When I die, I'm goin' out as the underdog who never lost hope 
 You in the wrong cab down the wrong path 
 Nigga, wrong way, wrong road 
 Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast 
 I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower 
 I have said a lotta things in my day, I admit it 
 This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it 
 I done won a couple Grammys but I sold my soul to get 'em 
 Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition 
 Fuck's the difference? 
 I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules 
 Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose 
 I been eatin' long enough, man my stomach should be full 
 I just ate, lick the plate, my buffet, lucky me 
 Fuck you think? (woo!) 
 I got a couple of mansions 
 Still I don't have any manners 
 You got a couple of ghost writers 
 But to these kids it don't actually matter 
 They're askin' me, "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?" 
 I said, "I don't have any answers." 
 'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album 
 It hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers 
 And actually comin' from humble beginnings 
 I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning 
 I wish I could say "What a wonderful feeling!" 
 We're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling 
 But nothin' is sealing, like anyone has any fuckin' ability 
 To even stick to a subject, it's killin' me 
 The inability to pin humility 
 Hatata batata, why don't we make a bunch of fuckin' 
 Songs about nothin' and mumble! 
 And fuck it, I'm goin' for the jugular 
 Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up 
 Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck 
 About the ones that were here before you to make raps, it's recap 
 Way back, MC's that wreak havoc on tape decks 
 ADAT's with the G raps and Kane's hat 
 We need 3 stacks ASAP, and bring Masta Ace back 
 Because half of these rappers have brain damage 
 All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap 
 I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad 
 But in fact with a old-me at the same cat 
 That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that 
 But I think it's inevitable 
 They know a button to press or a lever to pull 
 They give me the snap though (bitch) 
 And if I payin' attention I'm probably makin' it bigger 
 But you've been takin' the dicks in the fuckin' back, ho (get it?) 
 On the brink in a minute 
 Got me thinkin' of finishin' everything 
 With acetaminophen then reapin' the benefits 
 I'm asleep at the wheel again 
 As I peak into thinkin' about an evil intent 
 Of another beat I'ma kill again 
 'Cause even if I gotta end up eating a pill again 
 Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin 
 It better be at least 70 to 300 milligram 
 And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up bein' a villain again 
 Levels to this shit, I got an elevator 
 You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker 
 I sound like a broken record every time I break a record 
 Nobody could ever take away the legacy, I made a navigator 
 Motherfucker know I got a right to be this way 
 I got spite inside my DNA 
 But I wrote till the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, ay 
 It's the moment y'all been waitin' for 
 Like California wishin' rain would pour 
 And that drought y'all have been prayin' for 
 My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaws 
 Still the same Marshall that outlaw 
 That they say is a rider mighta fell off 
 But back on that bull like the cowboys 
 So y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move 
 Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice 
 Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot 
 Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice
 Yo, how do I keep 
 (Man, I don't know what's up with these hoes, man) 
 Getting in relationships like this? 
 (I'm just sayin') 
 Maybe it says something about me 
 (Yeah, yup) 
 Should I look in the mirror? 
 I just want you to be normal 
 Why can't you bitches be normal? 
 Always gotta be so extra 
 Why you always need a lecture? 
 My ex hates to talk, she's a texter 
 Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her 
 Wants to get back together 
 Said not till she gets her act together 
 She thinks I'm bein' mean and now 
 She starts to scream and shout 
 She's about to let the demons out 
 She don't want to see me with other females out 
 I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route 
 She retaliates by tryin' to leave the house 
 In an evening gown with her cleavage out 
 We've been down this road too many times for me to count 
 And all I can think is how- 
 I just want you to be normal 
 Why can't you bitches be normal? 
 Always gotta be so extra 
 Like a fuckin' terrestrial 
 Guess it comes with the territory 
 My ex girl, she just declared war 
 Therefore, I better prepare for it 
 I guess bein' weird's normal 
 And I don't know what's got a hold of me 
 Most notably I've been zonin' to Jodeci 
 I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted 
 So much so that I bet you she don't know that she's 
 The first thing I think of when I wake up 
 And the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep 
 Sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse 
 I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's heartless 
 No wonder we're partners 
 Both got hundreds of charges 
 Domestic disputes but we've always 
 Swept it under the carpet 
 Even when 911 gets the call that 
 I slipped up and busted her jaw with 
 A Louisville Slugger 'cause all's it 
 Really does is make our love 
 For each other grow stronger 
 She won me over the second she tried to run me over 
 Told her I'd keep it a hun' 
 We over; kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over 
 But why is she so wicked? 
 And how the fuck did I get so twisted? 
 I'm with someone so unlikeable and shifty 
 We're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with 
 Ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing 
 She's only mine for the time being 
 That's why I keep bringin' up that one time she 
 Tried to two-time me 
 And throw it up in her face till I dry heave 
 How could I be so naive? 
 Should I leave or turn this entire evening 
 Into a motherfucking crime scene? 
 Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with him 
 You weren't supposed to agree, you fucking bitch! 
 Especially when you're the one cheated first 
 Now the argument immediately becomes heated 
 You don't want me to flip, little conceded cunt 
 Eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita 
 Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it 
 Complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it! 
 I love you but I hope you fuckin' die though 
 In our business your friends like to pry so 
 You've got 'em all under cover just like moles 
 Hopin' they'll come back with intel 
 But I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral 
 'Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go 
 Thinkin' I'm sly as I scroll through your iPhone 
 Who the fuck's Milo? 
 The guy at work who drives a hi-lo 
 I put a tracking device on your Chrysler 
 And follow you while you drive home 
 But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown 
 You recognize me and had Milo flip me off 
 Right out the passenger side window 
 I hit a light pole, you skrt off 
 And then pull up at 5am in the drive in a stretched white limo 
 Stumble in the side door and hit me head with Milo's demo 
 But like a drunk bum, what do I know? 
 Let's sleep on it like they did Revival 
 I told you you're the apple of my eye so shut your pie hole 
 Just wanna be normal 
 Why can't you be normal? (yeah) 
 I just wanna be normal 
 Why can't you be normal?
 Its 2002, everything was totally new 
 We were globally huge 
 Watching sales go through the roof 
 We wrote and we viewed it 
 Runyon Avenue soldiers included 
 A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse 
 We were so bulletproof wrote, souped and soaked in our youth 
 Thought we was running shit till we lost the sole of our shoe 
 The death of Doody broke us in two 
 We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do 
 And at the time I was going through my own struggles too 
 So I wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through 
 Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew 
 I was hoping they do so I ain't have to shoulder the group 
 The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew 
 How to stand on they own and I don't want to open up wounds 
 I just noticed the oomf was gone when we go in the booth 
 Cause the truth is the moment that Proof died, so did the group 
 If I could leave this world behind 
 I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line 
 Turn to the river with you 
 Help me leave this all behind 
 I'ma wash away my sins 
 I'ma rinse away this dirt 
 I forgot to make amends 
 To all the friends I may have hurt 
 I better stop and say my grace 
 From that I pray that I don't fall 
 'Cause on the way back down I may 
 May end up running back into them all 
 I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones 
 It was never the same, and it's bothered me since 
 And the farther we drift apart the more awkward it gets 
 The more time goes by, the more life happens 
 And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities 
 Plus we don't say how we feel, and I feel like this is what got us in 
 The debacle we're in, been with you guys thick and thin 
 But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends 
 Which reminded me Biz, Rockstar was the shit 
 Y'all could've got you a hit without me on the shit 
 If you've put D12 on it, wish I could've did 
 More than try talking you into coming up off of it 
 I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is 
 I think of all of the trips to BET and the rappers 
 I wish that we would've politicked with 
 Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features 
 But that's water under the bridge 
 But I'm washing my sins in it till my conscious is clear 
 If I could leave this world behind 
 I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line 
 Turn to the river with you 
 Help me leave this all behind 
 I'ma wash away my sins 
 I'ma rinse away this dirt 
 I forgot to make amends 
 To all the friends I may have hurt 
 I better stop and say my grace 
 From that I pray that I don't fall 
 'Cause on the way back down I may 
 May end up running back into them all 
 I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones 
 Bacardi in hand 
 Never thought the party would end 
 One minute you're bodyin' shit but then your audience splits 
 You can already sense the climate is starting to shift 
 To these kids you no longer exist 
 Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch 
 To tiny drops full of drips 
 And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed 
 You start thinkin' of all the artists you gift 
 All the carnage you left 
 Is this the kinda karma you get? 
 For turning your fuckin' back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift 
 A Freudian slip 
 Subconsciously, I honestly wished 
 I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment 
 But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none of this 
 Wish I had words 
 But I guess they're just ownin' for this 
 Still, my point is I just can't say how sorry I am 
 This is not how I planned for our story to end 
 I love all of you, men 
 But I just can't be the guy 
 Everybody depends on for entire careers 
 'Cause that's not even fair 
 I will always be here 
 But that spark isn't there 
 And I don't know how to recapture that time and that air 
 I've tried hearkening back to 
 But I'm fighting for air 
 I'm barely charting myself 
 Feels like I'm under the sink 
 But it was not my intent 
 To treat y'all like a stepping stone 
 Though I ain't left no one behind 
 But we been down every road 
 Done all we possibly can 
 I know we kept up our hopes 
 But the longer we spend livin' this lie that we live 
 The less is left for closure, so let's let this go 
 It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over 
 I'ma wash away my sins 
 I'ma rinse away this dirt 
 I forgot to make amends 
 To all the friends I may have hurt 
 I better stop and say my grace 
 From that I pray that I don't fall 
 'Cause on the way back down I may 
 May end up running back into them all 
 I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones 
 I never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones 
 I never meant to use you all for my stepping stones
 Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up 
 Yeah 
 Brain dead, eye drops 
 Pain meds, cyclops 
 They bed, iPod 
 Maybach, my bach 
 Trainwrecks, sidewalks 
 Pay less, high-tops 
 K-Fed, iHop 
 Playtex, ice spots 
 That's how much we have in common (yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (whoa!) 
 Up on this mic, we were on it 
 That's how much we have in common (yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (woo!) 
 That's how much we have in common 
 We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!) 
 I don't do Jordans and Audemars 
 I do explosions and Molotovs 
 Y'all blowing smoke as if y'all ain't washed 
 I blow the smoke from the car exhaust 
 Flying to a party I am not invited to, feeling like the streets need me (whoa) 
 I ain't gotta dance as long as my Ferrari Spyder move, like C Breezy 
 I don't gotta hire goons, I'd rather try to buy the moon, and breathe freely 
 The sky is blue, the tie is new, the Masarati white and cool like G-Eazy 
 While these dudes tryna figure out how to do a freestyle as fly as me 
 I'm confused trying to figure out how to do Capri styles, am I a G? 
 Everybody doing chick joints, probably rob these little dudes at fist point 
 Remember everybody used to bite Nickel, now everybody doing Bitcoin 
 We don't got nothing in common (no) 
 We don't got nothing in common (no) 
 Y'all in the stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups on them uppers-and-downers (woo!) 
 I'm into stuff like doubling commas 
 Find me a brother who's solid 
 To count the shit up, then bust the shit down 
 When the cops set us up, we can flush the shit down 
 We can no give a fuck, shit, a fucking Kehlani 
 Selling your cock and your butt for a follower 
 Possible cup, for dollars you powder sniff 
 Now you're slipping, call it a power trip 
 A product of politics 
 Y'all went from profit and topping the charts 
 To dropped in the park in a pile of shit 
 Knowledge is power, but powerless if you got it and you do not acknowledge it 
 Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it 
 Hiring strippers, prostitutes retiring 
 We can spit it for ya it vans 
 I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in prince pants 
 You niggas 
 Brain dead, eye drops 
 Pain meds, cyclops 
 They bed, iPod 
 Maybach, my bach 
 Trainwrecks, sidewalks 
 Payless, high-tops 
 K-Fed, iHop 
 Playtex, ice spots 
 That's how much we have in common (yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (whoa!) 
 Up on this mic, we we're on it 
 That's how much we have in common (yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (woo!) 
 That's how much we have in common 
 We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!) 
 You say you're affiliated with murderers, killers (ay) 
 The people you run with are fucking (gang) 
 But you're just a wanna be gunner (gang) 
 Like you was gonna do something 
 Acting like you catching bodies (ay) 
 And you got juice, lil youngin', you're bugging 
 You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery, bitch, you ain't plugged in nothing 
 Rap god spit lyrical bullets (boom) 
 And gats cock, your partners better tool up 
 This has not to do with muscular 
 But have guns for sure, you better put up 
 Strap on, in other words if you're a gunner 
 Roll up with your (gang) 
 You're gon' need a arsenal 
 'Cause this bar is over your head 
 So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrt) 
 Oh, you run the streets, huh? 
 Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh? 
 This little cock-sucker, he must be feeling himself 
 He wants to keep up 
 It's tough to me now, so he does a feature 
 Decides to team up with Nina 
 But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne if you wanna come at me with a sub-machine gun 
 And I'm talking to you but you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly 
 I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss 
 But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie 
 I keep on telling motherfucker, bitches, in case you forgot 
 Really I need jaw memories, jaw like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly 
 I respond, really, but this time Shady 'bout to sound off like a fucking cocked semi Glock 
 Demi god, let me put a silencer on this little non-threatening blond fairy, cornball taking shots at me 
 You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rocksteady Crew 
 Obviously, I'm not getting through 
 We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, letting off like Remy Ma 
 Heavy artillery, gotta deal a harsh with a hard shell 
 Put a motherfucking heart in bigger than Bizarre's belly 
 Only time you'll ever say, I lost 
 You'll be talking 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy 
 Just to try to get me off and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick 
 Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city 
 Punk, you don't disrespect OG's, R.I.P. Prodigy 
 Soldier in my soul and I told them the moment he signed me that I'll be the most hated, dumb-hated soldier 
 There's no shame, it's okay to own it 'cause life is a bitch, it's a bow-legged hoe 
 But now days are over, I Harvey Weinstein, a bathrobe hanging over 
 My code name is groper, I roleplay with lotion 
 I fucked the whole world then I throw away the Trojan 
 Olay the hoes like with home-made explosives, I blow eighty holes in you 
 Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and I'm insult to injury 
 Roll dice to globe in and I'm (??) tryna throw in (?) 
 They both hate to choke and my hoe play the (?) 
 And I double-edge sworded 'cause one place I poke and I stick and I turn and I rotating motion 
 Invisible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals, take my dick and put the tip in 
 At minimal, I'm fucking these syllables 
 I let them lick on my genitals 
 I'm a fucking invisible, indefensible, despicable difficult prick, a little bit unpredictable 
 I spit the formiddable, that you're bitches are fucking with the original 
 I can say that me and Nickel are identical 
 But not us, the only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck 
 Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other 
 None comes close to 
 Skunk, bug, solider 
 Tongue, shrub, shoulder 
 One mother older 
 Sponge, mob, colder 
 None, rug, hoaster 
 Lug, nut, coaster 
 Lung, jug roaster 
 Young Thug poster 
 Unplugged toaster 
 That's how much we have in common (yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (whoa!) 
 Up on this mic, we were on it (yeah) 
 That's how much we have in common (yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (woo!) 
 That's how much we have in common 
 We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic 
 (Man, fuck this shit; let's go)
 You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months 
 It's too loud 
 Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them 
 Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot 
 It's too loud 
 Freeze my crown all up in it 
 Slow fire 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Don't fall on my- 
 Gotta concentrate against the clock I race 
 Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace 
 Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre in that first marijuana tape 
 Guess I got a chronic case 
 And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your mama's face 
 I know this time Paul and Dre, they won't tell me what not to say 
 And though me and my party days have all pretty much parted ways 
 You'd swear to God I've forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid" 
 One last time for Charlemagne 
 If my response is late, it's just how long it takes 
 To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away 
 These rappers are like Hunger Games 
 One minute, they're mocking Jay 
 Next minute, they get they style from Migos, then they copy Drake 
 Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away 
 But all the hate I call it "Walk on Water" gate 
 I've had as much as I can tolerate 
 I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience 
 I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once 
 You want it, Shady? You got it! 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Yeah 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Light him up! 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Rrr 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Look 
 Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it 
 Or have his body baggage zipped 
 The closest thing he's had to hits is smacking bitches 
 And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks 
 Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly 
 Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot 
 Lacking with it, "he ain't spit like this in his last shit" 
 Hoe, you better go back and listen 
 You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow up, let up 
 Call it traps 'cause it's a total setup 
 Hopin' that you rappers fall in that 
 Dre said, "Hold your head up" 
 Kathy Griffin stackin' ammunition, slap the clip and cock it back on competition, this is how I shot a head (pew) 
 Gabby Giffords, my attack is viscous, jack the ripper, back in business 
 Tyler create nothing, I see why you called yourself a faggot, bitch 
 It's not just 'cause you lack attention 
 It's 'cause you worship D12's balls, you're sacrilegious 
 If you're gonna critique me, you better at least be as good or better 
 Get Earl, the Hooded Sweater, whatever his name is to help you put together some words, more than two letters 
 The fans waited for this moment 
 Like the feature when I stole this show 
 Sorry if I took forever 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Yeah 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 I won't 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Light him up! 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 It's too easy 
 Just remember-I was here before you 
 And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you 
 Detract this, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew 
 Just what the doctor ordered 
 Revenge is the best medicine 
 Increase the dose, unleash the monster 
 Then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves, they suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches 
 So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to 'em 
 See the show, every parasite needs a host 
 Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of 
 All I know is I wrote every single word of everything I ever murdered 
 Time to separate the sheep from goats 
 And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts 
 When rap needed it most, I was that wing in the prayer 
 A beacon of hope, the B-I-R-D in the air 
 Somewhere, some kid is bumping this while he lip-syncs in the mirror 
 That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care 
 But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket how I'm buryin' these artists 
 On the scale it turns to minus 
 Mines is various as hardly and what's scary is you prolly can compare me to your car 'cause I'm barely gettin' started 
 And as far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone 
 Or I'll show you an Elvis clone 
 Walk up in this house you own 
 Brush my pelvic bone 
 You should tell a phone and go fetch me the remote 
 Put my feet up and just make myself at home 
 I belong here, clown! 
 Don't tell me 'bout the culture 
 I inspire the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh 
 Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, pissed and moaned, but I'm not gonna fall... bitch! 
 It's too loud 
 Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot 
 It's too loud 
 Freeze my crown all up in it 
 Slow fire
 Okay, how do I say this? (fack, fack, fack) 
 Last year didn't work out so well for me (fack, fack, fack) (fack last year) 
 2018, welp (fack, fack) 
 Yeah, I'm a fucking kamikaze crashing into everything 
 You beat me Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing 
 I've been going for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert 
 Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bedsheet and the comforter 
 Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass 
 I'll ride through your cul-de-sac 
 Window cracked bumpin' your reference tracks 
 You collab on a referent rap, I have never said his raps 
 Overstayed my welcome 
 Stepped in crap and ruined your welcome mat 
 So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it 
 While I T-bagged the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it 
 Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment 
 Headed right at opponents and I'm the fucking pilot that flown it 
 I'm 'bout to 
 Smash into everyone, crash into everything 
 Back and I just begun, "FACK" 2017 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
 Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15 
 Damage already done, y'all shoulda' let me be 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
 I turned on rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't 
 From the moment I heard rap was cussin', I wasn't 
 Which is why I identify with the guy who I was invented by 
 Dre's Frankenstein, energized like a nine volt 
 Ice cold like Snake Eyes, buy some rope on a dice roll 
 But if the only reason I blow is 'cause I'm white though 
 Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (ooh) 
 Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note 
 Here come the guys in white coats tryna stop me 
 'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes 
 'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone 
 I don't think this typhoon's letting up any time soon, here I go 
 Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to 
 Smash into everyone, crash into everything 
 Back and I just begun, "FACK" 2017 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
 Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15 
 Damage already done, y'all shoulda' let me be 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
 Smash 
 Kamikaze, kamikaze 
 Kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze 
 Look at what I've done 
 I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing 
 There is no way we ever hear that shit again, I guarantee 
 That way, that shit was so ass, it's something we wouldn't dare re-air it 
 Shit's embarrassing, is me rear ending Terreri Bear 
 In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher 
 Each nut is the chair with [?] beware 
 Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared 
 Richard Ramirez is here 
 Serially killing every therapist, is it- 
 Wait, wait, got the eeriest feeling something evil is lurking 
 I'm no conspiracy theorist but something here is afoot 
 Oh yeah, it's my dick 
 Get the measurement stick (what) 
 Twelve inches of wood 
 Wait, but I've been going for your jugular like Craig G Duck Alert 
 And I've come to pay respects 'cause if you sleep, you're fucked 
 Other words, you get laid to rest 
 And I hope your butt is hurt 
 Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book 
 You got some views, but you're still below me 
 Mine are higher so when you compare our views, you get overlooked 
 And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook 
 And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth 
 And you know I've always spoke the truth 
 You lyin' through your teeth so much, you broke a tooth 
 And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do 
 When I say I can't wait till I get ahold of you 
 And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do 
 Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot
 You're such a nice guy, a nice guy 
 You're faithful, you don't lie 
 After the club, you go back home, right? 
 Right?! Sike! 
 Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man 
 Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man 
 I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck 
 Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man 
 I hop in your whip and take a sip, then I gun it 
 I don't, I don't got much self-control, I hope that you run it 
 I'm bipolar with the switch up just as quick like you cummin' 
 I don't, I don't got much self-control, I hope that you run it 
 I'm not a cheater, but if I'ma be accused, might as well be 
 You tell me you'll take me back when hell freezes, but females be Rushin' me outside my telly, temptation overwhelms me 
 Like my monthly bill from Sprint, they chargin' me for a selfie 
 Chargin' me, so I gave my hotel key 
 Eh, I was tryna be nice 
 You're such a nice guy, a nice guy 
 You're faithful, you don't lie 
 After the club, you go back home, right? 
 Right?! Sike! 
 Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, bitch 
 Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man 
 I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck 
 Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, bitch 
 I play your music while you suffer like I'm Carmichael Polar 
 You tied up in the basement while I chill on your sofa 
 La prxima yo s que mejor me quedo sola 
 Estas de buenas que yo ya vend mi pistola 
 I'm an emotional wreck, weak (uh-huh) 
 Everything over-affects me (yeah) 
 When you joke it upsets me (yeah) 
 You say I'm no good at sex 
 And you think I'm gross and unsexy (uh-huh) 
 I need Scope 'cause my breath stinks (yep) 
 You hope I choke on a Pepsi (yep) 
 Bitch, you was supposed to correct me! (oh) 
 Been textin' you since three, I still get no fucking reply 
 You say you sleep alone, but yet your mattress is king size 
 Fuck you goin' in those knee-high boots? Cut it out, bitch 
 I doubt that you're goin' to house sit 
 In that outfit, no skin-tight Levi's 
 Every word that comes out your mouth's a fucking lie 
 Oh, it's spring time, time for you to have a fling like a slingshot 
 You say "don't come over" 'cause you got pink eye 
 But I think I got just the thing, why 
 Don't I bring my fuckin' bat and just swing by?
 Here we go again from heroes to villains 
 Used to be your Romeo, but we both were jilted 
 A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with 
 But still it gave me hope that we'll get 
 Through it together, a severed earlobe 
 Mailed to you in an E-N-V-E-lope would be dope 
 But what kind of lengths can you go? 
 Pull a Vincent van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho 
 To be a housewife who outright lies 
 She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive 
 I ran outside, why's she tryna act out? 
 She's just about my size, hit me in the mouth twice 
 Guys, when someone you'd die for 
 Sticks a steak knife in your heart, do you try more? 
 Another late night in, she stumbles through my door 
 Lets the daylight in and all we do's fight more 
 And I ain't violent, but she's goin' through my drawers 
 To plant the K-Y in; I'm gettin' accused by a whore 
 Who smells like St. Ides and who's probably screwed five more 
 Guys, sucked eight/nine men 
 I'm takin' two-by-fours to our eight-by-tens 
 Bitch it's you I tore out the frame, I win 
 Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in 
 And here's some two-ply for when you date my friends 
 In order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels 
 When we renewed our vows, this the thanks I get? 
 I'm waitin' for the day I can 
 Hear you say, "Marshall, what a skank I've been 
 And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him" 
 Got your tubes tied for him, got that boob job for him 
 Hurts me to my core, but the pain I'm in 
 After you, I swore to make the gray skies end 
 Here comes the rays like wind, you get a pay hike and 
 Am I the good guy or do I just play like him 
 And hope that he dumps you? 
 It's like a dream come true, just to scream "Fuck you!" 
 Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then 
 'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in 
 Since you bought the jury, they'll call me guilty 
 They'll call me guilty 
 You bought the jury, they'll call me guilty 
 Even though you know the real me 
 You can't be the cheater, convincin' nonbeliever 
 And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out 
 But I let you say that you're the good guy 
 'Cause this ain't what love looks like 
 You can't be the cheater, convincin' nonbeliever 
 And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out 
 But I let you say that you're the good guy 
 They like, "You're the good guy" 
 They like, they like, they like, "You're the good guy"
 I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed 
 When the world gives you a raw deal 
 Set you off till you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!" 
 When it talks to you like you don't belong 
 Or tells you you're in the wrong field 
 When's something's in your mitochondrial 
 'Cause it latched on to you, like- 
 Knock knock, let the devil in 
 Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin' 
 This medicine's screamin', "L-l-l-let us in!" 
 L-l-lick like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe 
 Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago 
 Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin' 
 Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent 
 Of elephant manure-hell, I meant Kahla 
 Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants 
 And blew up my-my-myself again 
 Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin 
 Medal win, went from Hellmann's and being rail thin 
 Filet-o-Fish, to Scribble Jam and Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik 
 How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida 
 Proof's room slept on floor of the motel then 
 Dr. Dre said "hell yeah!" 
 And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man 
 And I know they're gonna hate 
 But I don't care, I barely could wait 
 To hit them with the snare and the bass 
 Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced 
 Because they're gonna taste my- 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 Venom, not knowin' with 'em 
 Never gonna slow up in 'em 
 Ready to snap any moment-um 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (When they get bitten with the-) 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 Venom, not knowin' with 'em 
 Never gonna slow up in 'em 
 Ready to snap any moment-um 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (When they get bit with the-) 
 I said knock knock, let the devil in 
 Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen 
 Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one 
 I-i-it's evident I'm not done 
 V-venomous, the thought spun 
 Like your web and you just caught in 'em 
 Held against your will like a hubcap or a mud flap 
 Be strangled or attacked 
 So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap 
 Eat painkiller pills, fuck a blood track 
 Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick 
 Throw the car into reverse at the Indy, end up crashin' 
 Into ya, the back of it-just mangled steel 
 My Mustang and your Jeep Wrangler grill 
 With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin 
 Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi 
 Translation, I will probably kill us both 
 When I end up back in India 
 You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to you 
 When you're bit with the- 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 Venom, not knowin' with 'em 
 Never gonna slow up in 'em 
 Ready to snap any moment-um 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (When they get bitten with the-) 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 Venom, not knowin' with 'em 
 Never gonna slow up in 'em 
 Ready to snap any moment-um 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (When they get bit with the-) 
 I said knock knock, let the devil in 
 Alien, E-E-Elliot phone home 
 Ain't no telling when this chokehold 
 On this game will end, I'm loco 
 Became a Symbiote, so 
 My fangs are in your throat, ho 
 You're snake bitten with my-venom 
 With the ballpoint pen I'm 
 Gun cock, bump stock, devil eye, buckshot 
 Tied for the uppercut, tie a couple knots 
 Fired up a Glock, fire, juggernaut 
 Punk rock, bitches goin' down like Yung Joc 
 'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock 
 Why the fuck not? You only get one shot 
 Ate shit till I can't taste it 
 Chased it with straight liquor 
 Then paint thinner then drank till I faint 
 And I wait with a headache 
 And I take anything in rectangular shape 
 Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to 
 'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you 
 So escapin' me is impossible 
 I latch onto you like a-parasite 
 And I probably ruined your parents' life 
 And your childhood too 
 'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on 
 I'm responsible for you retarded fools 
 I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to 
 You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you 
 And I'm the suit, so call me- 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 Venom, not knowin' with 'em 
 Never gonna slow up in 'em 
 Ready to snap any moment-um 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (When they get bitten with the-) 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 Venom, not knowin' with 'em 
 Never gonna slow up in 'em 
 Ready to snap any moment-um 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (When they get bit with the-)
 50 Cent, Shady Records, Eminem, Dr. Dre, It's Goin' Down' 
 G-G-G-G-Unit 
 50 Cent, Shady, Aftermath, The Dream Team 
 We gotta get the get well cards niggaz is sick, feel this 
 Motion picture shit... Ha Ha! 
 (50 Cent) 
 Now don't think I won't hit you, 'cause I'm popular 
 I got a P-90-Roog that'll pop at ya 
 Catch you slippin' I'm a give ya what I got for ya 
 My clip loaded for 16 shots for ya 
 Ya'never had a hot gun on ya waist or blood on ya shoes 
 Cause a nigga went and said the wrong shit to you 
 Homie you ain't been through 
 What I been through 
 You not like me 
 And I'm not like you 
 I'm like a animal when I spit it's crazy 
 Got semi-autos that put wholes in niggas tryna play me 
 One shot is not enough, you need at least an oozie to move me 
 After 4 bottles of don 
 The kid start feelin' woozie 
 I write my life 
 You write what you've seen in gangsta movies 
 I'm gangsta to the core, nigga you can't move me 
 I find my space at the top 
 I got this rap shit locked 
 I've never heard of you 
 You've heard of me, I'll murder you 
 Spit shells at your convertable 
 As long as you notice 
 Richard Poor hallows still go through ya door 
 This is war 
 You scared of me 
 Your not prepared for me 
 The Kid is back 
 50 Cent I know you like that 
 Yeah I know you like that 
 Green Latern, Shady Records, Anger Management Tour 
 Homie, Homie, Homie
 Sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak 
 When you feel weak, you feel like you just wanna just give up 
 But you gotta search within you, try and find that inner strength 
 And just pull that shit out of you, and get that motivation not to give up 
 And not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face. 
 Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em 
 Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em 
 'Cause when I am not, then I'm a stop pinnin' 'em and 
 I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem 
 Subliminal thoughts, when I'm a stop sendin' 
 'Em, women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom 
 Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not 
 Get the illin' to stop, amoxacillin's just not real enough 
 Now don't think I won't hit you, 'cause I'm popular 
 I got a P-90-Roog that'll pop at ya 
 Catch you slippin' I'm a give ya what I got for ya 
 My clip loaded for 16 shots for ya 
 Ya'never had a hot gun on ya waist or blood on ya shoes 
 Cause a nigga went and said the wrong shit to you 
 Homie you ain't been through 
 What I been through 
 You not like me 
 And I'm not like you 
 I'm like a animal when I spit it's crazy 
 Got semi-autos that put wholes in niggas tryna play me 
 One shot is not enough, you need at least an oozie to move me 
 After 4 bottles of don 
 The kid start feelin' woozie 
 I write my life 
 You write what you've seen in gangsta movies 
 I'm gangsta to the core, nigga you can't move me 
 I find my space at the top 
 I got this rap shit locked 
 I've never heard of you 
 You've heard of me, I'll murder you 
 Spit shells at your convertable 
 As long as you notice 
 Richard Poor hallows still go through ya door 
 This is war 
 You scared of me 
 Your not prepared for me 
 The Kid is back 
 50 Cent I know you like that 
 The criminal cop killin' hip-hop villiana 
 Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners 
 Your comin' with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it 
 Like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us 
 You hear it a lot lyrics to shock, 
 Is it a miracle 
 Or am I just a product of pop fizzin' up? 
 Fa shizzel my wizzel, this is the plot 
 Listen up, 
 You bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck 
 Till the roof comes off, 
 Till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out 
 Can't shut my mouth 
 Till the smoke clears out 
 And my high burn out 
 I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 Till the roof comes off 
 Till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out 
 Can't shut my mouth 
 Till the smoke clears out 
 Am I high, perhaps? 
 I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' 
 You get when you're real, and you spit and people are feelin' ya shit 
 This is your moment, 
 And every single minute you get try'n hold on to it 
 'Cause you may never get it again 
 So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can 
 And when your run is over 
 Just admit when it's at it's end 
 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in 
 I got a list 
 Here's the order of my list that it's in - 
 It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac 
 Where my thugs at 
 Huh, increase the doses, bustin' whoever closest 
 Thug livin', hell or prison, never losin my focus 
 I'm makin' money moves manditory 
 In a discussion my past records tell a story 
 Picture niggaz we rushin and still bustin' 
 Till the cops come runnin', duck in abandoned buildings 
 Ditchin my gun, homeboy the motherfuckin villain 
 I live the lifestyles of drug dealers, but now legit list 
 So I laugh till I cry, when the law come get me 
 No baby momma drama, nigga miss me, why plant seeds 
 In a dirty bitch, waitin to trick me, not the life for me 
 Livin' carefree, till I'm buried - and if they dare me 
 I'm bustin' on niggaz until they scurry, I'm clearly 
 A man of military means in my artillery 
 Watchin over me through every murder scene 
 From adolescence, to my early teens, thought we was gonna die 
 Sellin dope to all the fiends, at times I wanna cry 
 And still, we try to change the past, in vain 
 Never knowin' if this game'll last, feelin' ashamed 
 Of cocaine, the product of the devil, am I sellin my soul? 
 Got tired of small time livin', niggaz tellin' me no 
 I got MINE, FUCK THEM OTHER SUCKERS, that's the mentality 
 Jealous-ass bustaz 
 I know you niggas been waiting for this shit for a long time 
 Well here it is nigga here it is 
 No insanity plea for me, I ride the beef till I burn 
 Sensimilla bar your kids from the lessons I learned 
 And in turn I'm hostile guess you could call me anti-social 
 Niggaz shakin like they caught the holy ghost when I approach em 
 Try to politic, before I smoke em, like Sun Zu 
 Niggaz do unto these snitches, before it's done to you 
 And if the cops come arrest me in the evening 
 Best believe they comin' for my dogs in the mornin 
 And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug 
 Tell me will my niggaz mourn me? Gettin' blowed out 
 High, watch me murder the bird, before he testify 
 Strikes, walkin' close to my third, I live a trouble life 
 And if you dream be a part of my team 
 From Long Beach to Queens, drug dealers to ex-fiends 
 Keep yo' eyes on the prize, nigga watch for bustaz 
 Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MCs heart, what is he thinkin' 
 About to go against me?, smart 
 And it's absurd how people hang on every word 
 I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve 
 But I'll never be served, my 
 Spot is forever reserved 
 If I ever leave Earth 
 That would be the death of me first 
 'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could 
 Ever be worse that's why I'm 
 Clever when I put together every verse 
 My thoughts are sporadic, I act like 
 I'm an addict 
 I rap like I'm addicted to smack, 
 Like I'm Kim Mathers 
 But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles 
 The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers 
 So this is like a full blown attack I'm launchin' 
 At them, the track is on some 
 Battlin' rap who wants some static 
 'Cause I don't really think that the fact that 
 I'm Slim matters 
 A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest 
 Until the roof, (Until the roof) 
 The roof comes off (The roof comes off) 
 Until my legs, (Until my legs) 
 Give out from underneath me, 
 I, I will not fall, 
 I will stand tall 
 Feels like no one can 
 Beat me
 Nah man 
 Not quite finished yet 
 Girl I think, 
 You just might'a tried to pull a muh'fucking fast one, I'm mad 
 You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had 
 Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games? 
 See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker 
 In your walk-way? Better co-operate 
 Or get saute'd and rotisseried while you're hog-tied 
 M-C's get so quiet you can hear a muh'fucking dog whistle while I walk by 
 Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy 
 I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai 
 Because in the movie Gremlins you can't feed them after midnight 
 Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine 
 Bitch, give me them digits while you're cringin' 
 Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin 
 While I spin spin even ten cents on you, since when 
 Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny, shit 
 If I think a penny's pretty just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me 
 Eenie meenie miney mo, catch an Eskimo by his toe 
 While he's trying to roll a snowball but, 
 Don't make him lose his cool if he hollers better let him go y'all 
 Now here we go go go 
 Get up, baby get a move on 
 Like a U-Haul 
 You can rack your brain like pool balls 
 You will never think of this shit 
 Yeah, honey you called? 
 Well here I come, Havoc on the beat, I reek it 
 Evil I see, hear and speak it 
 Lady put your money on Shady 
 Fuck that other weak shit 
 Put your eggs in the same basket 
 You can count every muh'fucking chicken fore' it hatches 
 Cause, you can bet your ass that we gone get it crackin' 
 Like a Kraken and Titans when they're clashin' 
 Get your brains bashed in so bad 
 You gone have Kurt Kobain askin' 
 To autograph a bloodstained napkin 
 I'm fashionable and 'bout as rational 
 As a rash on a fag's asshole 
 Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton 
 See if he's cool with it 
 Don't stand there and look stupid at me bitch 
 I ain't in the mood for this shit 
 Get my dick, Google it till it pops up 
 Y'all are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up 
 Me I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth 
 Till your speakers crap out, "Ohp, What?" 
 Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette" 
 But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me 
 So do not strut my way, slut! Because 
 Here we go go go 
 And now that I got your panties in a bunch 
 And your bowels in an uproar 
 I'm a show you why I Kang Xi 
 Stop asking me what the fuck for 
 Now look you little slut, cunt, whore know you want more, 
 Bitches tell I put the Mat back into Mathers 
 'Cause I'm a fucking problem, Run boy! 
 Every flow got it mstered 
 So every last word that you fucking fags heard 
 Comes straight from the fishes ass, Yeah 
 In other words I'm a Bass turd! 
 Looking at me like I killed Kenny 
 Gassing the tank near steal plenty 
 No morals are instilled in me 
 So remorse I really don't feel any 
 Eat your heart out, Hannibal 
 Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal 
 I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe? 
 Shady, I don't understand your flow. 
 Understand my flow? 
 Bitch I flow like Troy Palumalu's hair, boy. 
 Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy. 
 I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare 
 Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy! 
 You can look, you can stare and point 
 But you can't touch since you're queer boy. 
 I don't get it man, is there a void 
 All this weak shit, what am I steroids? 
 Well bitch I'm back with some shit for that ass 
 And your trunk, Elephant hemorrhoids 
 And remember boys 
 Here we go go go 
 Thank you for coming out 
 Hope you enjoyed the show 
 Till next time 
 Ha ha 
 Peace
 (Royce Da 5'9') 
 Ryan's a homocidal misfit 
 I write the solution of biophysics 
 On the side of a cliff in some hieroglyphics 
 This my admission to having violence psychotic 
 Quick devour polish it, politics, by the way I'm higher than the Eiffel tower tip 
 I like writing but I will stick this pencil in your ass before I write ya shit 
 Pause, inhale hella kush, us and Yealwolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push 
 Felon's, crooks, going door to door like he's selling books, Dolly Parton style, melons mush 
 Now my bitch dancer, I'm bout as sick as cancer 
 If you could swallow my style, you probably rip ya pants off 
 If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody 
 It'd probably smell like cologne made out of bits of panther 
 They call me anchor man, I'll hold down the ship 
 Leave you niggas floating in water and go and drown a fish 
 F-ck, I'm fucking heinous, I'll make you fucking famous 
 Them lead showers is coming, fuck is you sayin' 
 (Eminem) 
 Fuck, it's fucking raining, shit, it's lightening 
 Bitch, its thundering, 'cause I'm cussing up I'm a storm if you wonderin' 
 Shit, shit, you could muster up enough thought, to take a dump and a brain fart 
 Jump, if you want urine in your face, all you had to do was say it 
 Bet you wish you woulda just stayed pissed off in the first place 
 We came to monopolize the game 
 Illuminati is here, yeah, human oddities 
 At odds with us, just what's gotta be 
 'Cause we started out cold and it snowballed 
 We froze, soon as we rolled up on these hoes 
 All's we know is you over the bar like Limbo/ Limbaugh 
 You know who you are 
 So quit fucking the dog before we start callin' you bizarre 
 Shit screw the pooch, y'all done raped a pitbull 
 Fell in love with Shih-tzu 
 This missile's directed directly at you 
 And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint 
 You must be huffin', fuck a ballsack if the taints can't take you on a date 
 You mistake me for a gentleman, your 2000 and late man, Will-I-ain't 
 I'm the bad guy, type of guy that will drag 5 girls up on stage 
 Pour ice in their pants and the first one who pee's gets a black eye 
 (Hook - Eminem) 
 You must be outta ya mind 
 You think you fucking with us 
 Suck on these nuts 
 Bitch hang it up, this game is over 
 (Joell Ortiz) 
 Puffing loosies, watching I Love Lucy with Gary Busey 
 Crazy, how the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady 
 Will there ever come a day when they could slay me? 
 I don't know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe 
 Till then I kill the bad man tryna slay me 
 Everything you kick weak, your speak kung fu gayzy 
 All my homeboys, 2.0 boys 
 Nickel, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it Rolls, Royce! 
 Even if I want to quit, I ain't got no choice 
 Verses keep coming, I should invoice my own voice 
 You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist 
 Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moist 
 Bang bang, bang bang, house gang, chainsaw 
 Here to kill you pussy's, don't ask what we came for 
 I write till my right arm vein's sore 
 Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war 
 You hear that Yaowa, you know who finna file out 
 Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that eyeball 
 Piranha mentality with a jaws bite all night 
 Coming up, never saw light, but never lost sight 
 (Joe Budden) 
 Jets and movers, cess-poolers, meth abusers 
 You step to us, tech's, rugers to respect the shooters 
 My men think in sync, roll with the best crew 
 Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger 
 Welcome to nay hood, bigger than jects 
 Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck 
 So I'm well prepped if you just want war 
 There'll be blood everywhere, you be laying on the Louboutin floor 
 It's raw, you keep acting like you don't know Mouse, nigga 
 And you gon' need the best doctors, House nigga 
 Guard your jewels and avoid large tools 
 Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool 
 Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told 
 They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold 
 Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate 
 I'm Martin King staring at a picture of Obama's face 
 Talking funds, niggas ain't never seen stock 
 I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock 
 (Hook - Eminem) 
 You must be outta ya mind 
 You think you fucking with us 
 Suck on these nuts 
 Bitch hang it up, this game is over 
 (Crooked I) 
 Takeoff, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer 
 I'm kind of a Dahmer, I'm grinding 
 Now rappers are lining up jackers, I'm climbing up ladders 
 I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama 
 You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article 
 But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles, particles 
 Tell me when and I'm there 
 Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air 
 Stay fly like a limited fare 
 You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares 
 I smell shit and piss, know where it's coming from 
 You stepped on number two just to be number one 
 Now I'ma step on you, bring it to yo yard 
 Bogart for ours, we go hard 
 You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the west 
 I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart 
 (Yelawolf) 
 I got no Jim Beam in the liver 
 Getting head like clean clippers, 
 With haters on my dick like a jeans zipper 
 When I throw up 16s like I drink liquor 
 You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain't seen sicker 
 Than a cracker that'll hop around in a hospital gown 
 Popping the trunk, my pumper stay cocking the rounds 
 I shit logs and I piss river brown 
 'Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile 
 And that's as close as I get to a pyramid 
 Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fuckin' ignorant 
 Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent 
 But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end 
 They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing 
 Skinny-ass pants sagging, it's only yourself you playing 
 Call me a clown, but you love what the clown's sanging 
 And the freakshow's at the county carnival then you payin' 
 Bitch, I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark 
 Yelling "Go Shady" driving slower than an old lady 
 In an old '89, no piece if you pay me 
 Gimme peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes 
 I'm getting paid for these shows that I throw lately 
 Same shows a year ago woulda broken most of you crazies 
 They call me crazy 'cause I made it 
 Bitch, you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lately 
 You ain't fucking wit' Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce 
 You don't wanna see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice 
 That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the point 0 boys 
 And if Marshall want me to clap, then homie, I deploy 
 Game over 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo, I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again 
 (Yelawolf) 
 Game over
 Yeah, classic hip hop shit 
 Dr. D-R-E 
 Rozay and Jay, let's get 'em 
 We started out moppin' floors 
 And now we front row at the awards 
 Number one for the last twenty years 
 If you real mothafucka scream cheers! (cheers, cheers) 
 Mothafucka scream cheers! (cheers, cheers) 
 Yeah and it is what it is 
 He wanted to shine at the swap meet 
 Till the white boys got him in that hot seat 
 I only love it when her hair long 
 You should listen to this beat through my headphones 
 Money long, number one twenty years strong 
 Fuck a gym, I am him, Andre Young 
 G5's to 6-4s, Dre got 'em 
 If the bitch bad I got her in red bottoms 
 Great weed, nice homes, bread proper 
 Tec nine, one chamber, top shotta 
 Bentley coupe, new yacht, my helicopter 
 Born broke, real nigga straight out of Compton 
 The fuck you magazine niggas want from me? 
 I rewrote the game, nigga, now talk money 
 All black on my Al Capone shit 
 I built a house, nigga get your own shit 
 I only love it when her hair long 
 You should listen to this beat through my headphones 
 See y'all niggas 
 Hit the switches on that shit one time, huh 
 Let the top down 
 I came a long way from the weed game 
 Twenty stack seats at the Heat game 
 And I'm still strapped with the heat man 
 And we steppin' on a nigga feet man 
 80 pair of sneakers came from the D game 
 Cousin was a Crip, said it was a C thing 
 Brown bag money in a duffle bag 
 Fuck 'em all, wet 'em and we gotta double back 
 The homie whippin' chickens in his momma kitchen 
 On the mission, said he get it for his son tuition 
 Real nigga's dreams comin' to fruition 
 Stumble, but I never fall, leanin' on my pistol 
 I only love her when the ass fat 
 We should listen to this track in my Maybach 
 I'm just tryin' to be a billionaire 
 Come and suck a dick for a millionaire 
 Uh, it's just different 
 I know it feels different 
 Uh, I only love her if her eyes brown 
 Play this shit while you play around with my crown 
 King H-O, y'all should know by now 
 But if you don't know, uh 
 Millions on the wall in all my rooms 
 Niggas couldn't fuck with my daughter's room 
 Niggas couldn't walk in my daughter's socks 
 Banksy bitches, Basquiat 
 I ran through that buck fifty Live Nation fronted me 
 They workin' on another deal, they talkin' two hundred fifty 
 I'm holdin' out for three 
 Two seventy five and I just might agree 
 Ex-D-boy, used to park my beamer 
 Now look at me, I can park in my own arena 
 I only love her if her weave new 
 I'm still a hood nigga, what you want me to do? 
 Been hoppin' out the BM with your BM 
 Taking her places that you can't go with your per diem 
 Screamin' carpe diem until I'm a dead poet 
 Robin Williams shit, I deserve a golden globe bitch! 
 I take a Ace in the meanwhile 
 You ain't gotta keep this Khaled, it's just a freestyle 
 Fuck rap money, I've made more off crates 
 Fuck show money, I spent that on drapes 
 Close the curtains, fuck boy, out my face 
 I whip the coke, let the lawyer beat the case 
 Murder was the case that they gave me 
 I killed the Hermes store, somebody save me 
 Stuntin' to the max like wavy 
 Oh shit! 
 Oh, stuntin' to the max, I'm so wavy 
 Used to shop at TJ Maxx back in '83 
 I don't even know if it was open then 
 I ain't know Oprah then 
 Have the XL 80 bike 
 Loud motor, they be like, "Damn!" when I'm comin' through, rang 
 Had the grill in '88, y'all niggas is late 
 You got all that, right? 
 I love this shit like my own daughter 
 Let's spray these niggas, baby, just like daddy taught ya 
 Young, this is just different
 When I born to lose 
 C'mon muthafucker pick and chose 
 Between win or lose 
 Baby shoes, high-heeled shoes 
 Interviews, or kangaroos 
 Skatin down fuckin' avenues 
 Wit you bag full of barbecues 
 And suddenly I blow a fuse 
 God she said I look like a porcupine 
 Would it be better if I took a hike with frankenstein 
 Maybe I'll start thinking of giving my bike to palestine 
 Meet my friend brit 
 She get real pissed off when muthafuckers ain't feelin' her shit 
 She'll make you bleed if you fuck around with her per fit 
 You see her walkin' round, clit ring and all, talkin' your skit 
 K that's enuff for one verse 
 I don't think I cud've done no worse 
 So let me give you one of those that I put real well, gun curse 
 (Chorus) that's part of my story, if you wanna be firm 
 Brit'll put it down your pants, yeah the earthworm 
 Don't wanna be sorry, don't eat the bad germ 
 If you do, just drink the pachiderm 
 Can my songs really make you get up and dance 
 Well if they can, stay seated and take you cup to France 
 I think that bitch still wants that fuckin' poppin' chance 
 Think of 50, dre, and eminem 
 They all battled and got succes and fame 
 Fuck benzino 
 He called my man slim a feminem, see now 
 I never really had much 'pac influence 
 Me had m.mathers and used it awful fluent 
 Part of my life I was taught in fight and anger 
 My people won't let me hide my middle finger 
 But everyday I teach the good things to my little sista's 
 They only 2,3 years younger than me 
 But still need my help to be successful in life, you see 
 And you really shud be givin' that punch rite to me 
 You think I'm violent 
 Well think again, if you want I'll let you alone in the silent 
 With my shit and weed I get high and thow a fit to anyone that gets close to my hand 
 My parents announced they were gonna get a divorce 
 It just became a lot worse 
 The whole opposite of me doin' a verse 
 With a bunny or a horse 
 Infact, what I had I'll never get it back 
 I'll always have this sick mind in me 
 But what the fuck, just let my shit be 
 There's a bug walkin' 'long my ceilin 
 I ain't really fellin 
 Yeah that or this muthafuckin beatin' 
 I luv y'all 
 Fuck me
 (Skam) 
 Yo, I'm tryin' to be the man of the day 
 Three six five a year 
 See the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryin' to hear (Fuck that!) 
 Bustin' lyrics in the air 
 Keepin' some up in the chamber 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'? 
 (Skam) 
 Man, I'm releasin anger! 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm tryin' to be the illest of the day 
 Three six five a year 
 See that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryin' to hear 
 Spittin' lyrics in your ear 
 Keepin' some up in the chamber 
 (Skam) 
 Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin'? 
 (Shady) 
 I'm releasin anger! 
 (Skam) 
 Man I'm tired of bein' tired, every time I wake up 
 Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein' late for the bus 
 Tired of all be blendin', and endin' up datin sluts 
 So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up! 
 To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit without make-up, wake up 
 Gold diggin' bitches, the buck stops here 
 The road to riches is closed for repair 
 So if the shoe ain't fittin', girl leave that shit alone 
 You ain't Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone? 
 I rip your tissue out your ear 
 Spittin' like I don't care 
 My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year 
 So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up 
 Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump 
 When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit 
 Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit 
 Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down 
 They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now 
 At every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk 
 Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked 
 Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck 
 Tryin' to roll up on Miami, leavin' with a broke neck 
 Oh shit, lethal lyric equal land mind 
 I be stackin' up white rappers like I'm throwin' gas signs 
 And I'm, buck wild exposi 
 n the plain truth 
 You couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room 
 Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar 
 For this bad car, that go along with the breath 
 Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft 
 Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber 
 (Yo Skam what the fuck you doin'?) 
 (Eminem) 
 Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change 
 I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name 
 Became late to the last show with a different dane 
 Brain ate from the last "O" that I snifed off caine 
 You know you're spaced the fuck out like George Lucas 
 When your puke is turnin' to yellowish-orange mucus 
 So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers 
 I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English 
 Freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish 
 Burn you alive till you screamin' to be extinguished 
 'Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence 
 Start a fire and block the hydrants 
 I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than 
 So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin' 
 You gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin 
 On the B-side of my first single with the clean version 
 Stoppin' your short life while you're still a teen virgin 
 Unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon 
 In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery 
 To try to stop the blood from your ruptured sternum iternally 
 I'll take it back before we knew each other's name 
 Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame 
 I'll take it further back than that 
 Back to Lovers' lane, to the night you were thought of, and 
 Cock-block your father's game 
 I'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled 
 So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle 
 And when I'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout 
 I'ma throw a head-butt so hard, I'll knock us both out
 (Feat. Shabaam Shadeeg, Skam, Kwest & A.L.) 
 [Man 1:] I like this song... 
 [Man 2:] All right! All right! All right everybody set off down! 
 [Man 1:] Oh, please! 
 [Man 2:] Come on now, now! KHM! 
 (Chorus: Sample) 
 Rhymes it all! [scratches] 
 And every rhymes what I've heard it all before. 
 Shabaam Shadeeq: 
 Of course - I rap till I'm hoarse, add the sauce 
 To them dry turkey MC's say what you like, I toss! 
 In theory when you hear me, like the guts of the Dutch 
 Snap caught you in the act like Vivitar - AF. 
 2-5-5 auto-focus clear vision 
 Precision mics for people of all types, call the cavalry. 
 My brutality! 
 Switch the pitch gradually. 
 Aqua! 
 Turntable knocka fresh like binocca. 
 Jot the thoughts in my chronicles remarkable styles 
 Shadeeq taxed it make an exit to spark mine. 
 Nuclear physics with cannibals and phat rhymes 
 They know the time like it's sundown. - At explow! 
 Eminem: 
 Went to bible class with a gun, blasted a nun 
 Fuck hell! - Satan sent my ass to the sun. 
 I wasn't born I was hatched - and dumped in the trash 
 With a note attached saying someone please whip this brat's ass. 
 I never gave a rat's ass or a flying fuck 
 Driving drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck. 
 Slammin' the brakes, skiddin' out cause the tires suck 
 I went to pull you off my dick and got the pliers stuck. 
 You better run! 'Cause I'm probably the only one 
 Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife and stab you with a gun. (aaggggh!) 
 I like fire, you might see me start it 
 I'm slightly retarded! I miss my sanity since the night we departed. 
 Skam: 
 Yo! - Oldworlddisorder on some outnumbered shit 
 We rather go outta control then to be under it. 
 Yo! How you goin' against us, when we got nothin' to lose? 
 Must be confused - to pray to a god that don't excist. 
 That wouldn't save yo bible kissin' ass and even if he did 
 We like to twist the mist [? ] - genetic dead end - don't got friend! 
 Skam is chatter man, posin' children for depression 
 Stressin' nutty language - say my name is "Gladys"! 
 That's chupacabra! - Suck the life outta you 
 There won't be enough of your brain left to fill a tea spoon. 
 We two vanishin man. - That make the bad things plan 
 And prob'ly go platinum on the day that the world ends. 
 Kwest: 
 When it comes to beef - I get relieved when I kill it brief. 
 Send you a reef, get your family ready for grief 
 I knock your teeth, they're conceit like a thief 
 Make a change of release - burn or leave before you go beneath. 
 Rappers I kill 'em down is where I send them villain 
 My plan is illin' so much. - I need some peniculine. 
 Cats is spillin' 'cause I'm down here 
 Kickin' shit that's solitaire you crown is rip cause rapper you sound counterfeit. 
 You get a round of clips - if you play hard 
 You stay scarred thinkin' of graveyard you're in a caveyard. 
 One in the mill, son I'm I'll when it comes to skills 
 Wanna get killed and catch a dum dum in your grill. 
 Rappers demenishing is [? ]? I get to the finish 
 I'm speaking English, while your brothers is speaking in gibberish. 
 You touch a mic and, I'm out to burry your fingers 
 You want some fame? - I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer! 
 So pay the price say the nice when I pay the dice 
 I take your life slay it twice before your [? ] arrive 
 A.L.: 
 Cats who ride with feminine. 
 I'm singin' this without, the benefit sin sinamen sin sin sin sinamen. 
 So submit it in your mental, since you find it essential 
 This [? ] simple sentences this sentence is simple! - You banned from using writing utinsels. 
 Wether cry line, crayon pen and pencil 
 Observe verse with syntax - that causes skin crack or an impact. 
 Send a rap shot with [? ] and then whack 
 Then back to the lab to add what most of them lack. 
 I can hand you a manual of what I plan to do to you more tantual 
 You still wouldn't understand the full concept and sniff 
 Trough your fingers like sandgranuals. 
 [? ] And a blue sea anually and you will see wich aninal me. 
 And fifty of us spittin' up that written stuff 
 It's all the same! [? ] is the reason for cyphas prematurely spittin' up. 
 Ironic, phonic sure my flow is far from enbionic 
 To be honest [? ] is a cronic antibiotic. - I'm beyond it! 
 The texure of my lecture is complex like a professor's, 
 Scep these [? ] exceptionall when I bless sound parsepticals. 
 Bust trenches trough my vest to be turns crews to vegetables 
 Then grab my testicals and cup 'em! Fuck 'em! - Let's see who tha fucks?
 You probably gonna think that I'm talking about you and you goddamn right I am 
 Look at you, this is the minimal I could diss you 
 Subliminally, but I think criminal instinct 
 Has pushed me to the brink, my pussy does it stink 
 He still loves me 'cause he puts me in his ink 
 He does, doesn't he, still is, isn't he? 
 Nah, I'm just playing tug of war with his heart 'cause he misses me 
 I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky 
 And is no risk of disease 'cause he ain't with anyone is he? 
 This bitch really thinks she can get me 
 If she still wants me, driving across country 
 Strapped him to the front seat, missing all the front teeth 
 Thinking to herself when's the next time he's gonna punch me? 
 I told this cunt she's gonna over-do it once 
 And once she does, she was stuffed up in a trunk 
 Crunch, he scrunched her up in a ball 
 Bunched up nice and comfy 
 Fuck around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me 
 You cunning little cunt, deceitful witch 
 You thought you had me, till my shrink told me this 
 The problem is all inside your head she said to me 
 The answer is easy if you take it logically 
 I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free 
 There must be 50 ways to leave your lover 
 I feel like a serial killer 
 I keep dumping bodies in the lake, I'ma get caught and send up the river 
 I shiver when I think of the company I keep 
 How do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep 
 I shriek, every time she hands me something to drink 
 Sex kept us together, when we slept together every-thing 
 Was all better, she made me feel like a king 
 Slowly, she began lowering my self-esteem 
 She go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her 
 And I just bought her a truck for 50,000 dollars 
 Accused me of doing drugs and screaming "holla" 
 Then I find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana 
 And all I know is every time I go 
 To them hiding spots, wherever she hides her blow 
 The little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke 
 That's growing smaller, and that was just a while ago 
 And I wouldn't even let on like I know 
 What was I supposed to do, call her out on it, we just argue 
 Say she put it down on purpose and flipped the whole script 
 Ooh she's a manipulative evil bitch 
 A cunning little cunt, little deceitful witch 
 She thought she had me, till my shrink told me this 
 The problem is all inside your head she said to me 
 The answer is easy if you take it logically 
 I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free 
 There must be 50 ways to leave your lover
 Now everybody from the 313 
 Put your muthafukin' hands up and follow me 
 Everybody from the 313 
 Put your muthafukin' hands up, look, Look 
 Now while he stands tough 
 Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 This free worlds got you all gassed up 
 Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf 
 1, 2, 3 into the 4 
 1pac, 2pac, 3pac, 4 
 4pac, 3pac, 2pac, 1 
 Your pac, he's pac, your pac none 
 This guy ain't no muthafukin' MC 
 I know everything he's got to say against me 
 I am white, I am a fukin' bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom 
 My boy future is an Uncle Tom 
 I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob 
 Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun 
 I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps 
 And Wink did fuck my girl 
 I'm still standin' here sayin' 
 'Fuck the free world' 
 Don't ever try to judge me dude 
 You don't know wat the fuck I've been through 
 But I know somethin' about you 
 You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school 
 Wat's the matter Dogg? You embarrassed? 
 This guy's a gangsta, his real name's Clarence 
 And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
 And Clarence parents have a real good marriage 
 This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook 
 'Cause there's no such thing as half-way crooks 
 He's scared to death, he's scared to look 
 In his fuckin' year book, fuck Cranbrook 
 Fuck the beat, I go a Capella 
 Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody 
 Fuck y'all if you doubt me 
 I'm a piece of fuckin' white trash, I say it proudly 
 Fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie 
 Here, tell these people somethin' they don't know about me
 (Lotto) 
 Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward right here once and for all. 
 I'm sick of the motha fucka! Check this shit out! 
 Yo! I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me! 
 This shit is a horror flick, but a black guy doesn't die in this movie! 
 Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin! 
 That makes me believe you really don't have an interest in livin'! 
 You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say? 
 I got a better chance joining the KKK. 
 On some real shit, though, I like you 
 That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to 
 Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader 
 I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It to Beaver" 
 I used to like that show, now you got me in a fight back' mode 
 But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go! 
 I hate to do this; I would love for this shit to last 
 So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass 
 And all's well that ends ok? 
 So I'll end this shit with a "Fuck you, but have a nice day!" 
 (Rabbit) 
 Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver 
 So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver 
 This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid! 
 Quick, someone get his ass another steroid! 
 "Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity blooh blah!" 
 I ain't hear a word you said, "hipidy hooblah!" 
 Is that a tank top, or a new bra? 
 Look Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job! 
 Didn't you listen to the last rhyme, meat head? 
 Pay attention, you're saying the same shit that he said! 
 Matter fact, dog here's a pencil 
 Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful, 
 And don't come back until something dope hits you 
 Fuck it! You can take the mic home with you! 
 Looking like a cyclone hit you, 
 Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!" 
 You see how far them white jokes get you? 
 Boys like How Vanilla Ice gonna diss you? 
 My motto: Fuck Lotto! 
 I'll get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla' tomorrow!
 (Rabbit) 
 Now everybody from the 313 
 Put your mother fucking hands up and follow me 
 Everybody from the 313 
 Put your mother fucking hands uplook, look 
 Now while he stands tough 
 Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 This free world's got you gassed up 
 Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf 
 1, 2, 3 and to the 4 
 1Pac, 2Pac, 3Pac, 4 
 4Pac, 3Pac, 2Pacs, 1 
 You're Pac, he's Pac, Yo Pac; none 
 This guy ain't no mother-fuckin' MC, 
 I know everything he's got to say against me, 
 I am white, I am a fucking bum 
 I do live in a trailor with my mom 
 My boy Future is an Uncle Tom. 
 I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob 
 Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun, 
 I did get jumped, by all six of you chumps 
 And Wink did fuck my girl 
 I'm still standin here screamin "F**K THE FREE WORLD!" 
 Don't never try to judge me dude 
 You don't know what the fuck I've been through 
 But I know something about you 
 You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school 
 What's the matter dawg, you embarrassed? 
 This guy's a gangster; his real name's Clarence 
 And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
 And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage 
 This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook 
 'Cause ain't no such things as half-way crooks' 
 He's scared to death, he's scared to look 
 In his fucking yearbook, fuck Cranbrook 
 Fuck a beat, I go a cappella 
 Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailor, fuck everybody 
 Fuck y'all if you doubt me 
 I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly 
 And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie, 
 Here, tell these people something they don't know about me.
 (Lotto) 
 spoken: 
 Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all. 
 I'm sick of the motha fucka! Check this shit out! 
 (Rap) 
 I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me! 
 This shit is a horror flick, 
 But the black guy doesn't die in this movie! 
 Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin! 
 That makes me believe you really don't have a interest in livin'! 
 You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say? 
 I got a betta chance joining the KKK. 
 Or some real shit, though, I like you 
 That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to 
 Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader 
 I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver" 
 I used to like that show, now you got me to "fight back" mode 
 But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go! 
 I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last 
 So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass 
 And all's well that ends well, ok? 
 So I'll end this shit wit a "FUCK you, but have a nice day!" 
 (Eminem) 
 Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver 
 So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver 
 This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid! 
 Quick, someone get his ass another steriod! 
 "Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah!" 
 I ain't hear a word you said, "hipidy hooblah!" 
 Is that a tank top, or a new bra? 
 Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job! 
 Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head? 
 Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said! 
 Matter fact, dog, here's a pencil 
 Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful, 
 And don't come back until something dope hits you 
 Fuck it! You can take the mike home with you! 
 Lookin' like a cyclone hit you, 
 Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!" 
 You see how far those white jokes get you 
 Boy's like "How Vanilla Ice gonna diss you?" 
 My motto: Fuck Lotto! 
 I get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla tomorrow!
 Now everybody from the 313 
 Put your mothefucking hands up and follow me 
 Everybody from the 313 
 Put your mothefucking hands up 
 Look Look 
 Now while he stands tough 
 Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 This free world got you gased up 
 Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf 
 1, 2, 3 and to the 4 
 1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4 
 4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1 
 You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none 
 This guy ain't no mother-fuckin' MC, 
 I know everything he's got to say against me, 
 I am white, I am a fuckin' bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom, 
 My boy Future is an Uncle Tom. 
 I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots 
 Himself in the leg with his own gun, 
 I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps 
 And Wink did fuck my girl, 
 I'm still standin here screamin "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!" 
 Don't ever try to judge me dude 
 You don't know what the fuck I've been through 
 But I know something about you 
 You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school 
 What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed? 
 This guy's a gangster, he's real name's Clarence 
 And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
 And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage 
 This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook 
 'Cause there no such things as half-way crooks 
 He's scared to death 
 He's scared to look in his fuckin' yearbook, fuck Cranbrook 
 Fuck the beat, I go acapella 
 Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody 
 Fuck y'all if you doubt me 
 I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly 
 And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty, 
 Here, tell these people something they don't know about me
 (Lickety Split) 
 This guy's a choke artist 
 Ya catch a bad one 
 Your better off shootin yourself 
 With Papa Doc's handgun 
 Climbin up this mountain your weak 
 Ill leave you lost without a paddle 
 Floatin shits creek 
 You ain't Detroit, I'm the D 
 Your the new kid on the block 
 Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks 
 Fuckin' Nazi, this crowd ain't your type 
 Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice 
 And what I tell you, you better use it 
 This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music 
 Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath 
 And have you lookin' foolish 
 Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself 
 Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 
 Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack 
 And when you actin' up that's when you got jacked up 
 And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 
 Ill crack your shoulder blade 
 You'll get dropped so hard 
 Elvis will start turnin' in his grave 
 I don't know why they let you out in the dark 
 You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile 
 To the trailor park 
 (Rabbit) 
 This guy raps like his parents jerked him 
 He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version 
 This whole crowd looks suspicious 
 It's all dudes in here, except for these bitchs 
 So I'm a German, Eh 
 That's ok, you look like a fuckin' worm with braids 
 These Leaders of the Free World rookies 
 Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies 
 Talkin' bout shits creek 
 Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
 With paddles this deep 
 Your still gonna sink 
 You're a disgrace 
 Yeah, they call me Rabbit 
 This is a turtle race 
 He can't get with me spittin' this shit 
 Wickedly lickety shot 
 Spickety spickety split lickety 
 So I'm gonna turn around with a great smile 
 And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!
 Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might 
 Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write 
 Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' with real life 
 Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics 
 And show these people what my level of skill's like 
 But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life 
 Somethin' ain't right, hit the brake lights 
 Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like 
 Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault 
 Great then I falls, my insides crawl 
 And I clam up (wham) I just slam shut 
 I just can't do it, my whole manhood's 
 Just been stripped, I have just been vicked 
 So I must then get off the bus then split 
 Man fuck this shit yo, I'm goin' the fuck home 
 World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road 
 I'm walkin' these train tracks, tryin' to regain back 
 The spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap 
 To the same plant, and the same pants 
 Tryin' to chase rap, gotta move ASAP 
 And get a new plan, momma's got a new man 
 Poor little baby sister, she don't understand 
 Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad 
 And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand 
 While she colors her big brother and mother and dad 
 Ain't no tellin' what really goes on in her little head 
 Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had 
 But I keep runnin' from somethin' I never wanted so bad! 
 Sometimes I get upset, 'cause I ain't blew up yet 
 It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet 
 Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep 
 The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin' to do what's best 
 And I try, sit alone and I cry 
 Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by 
 That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God 
 Please don't let me pigeon holed in no regular job 
 Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are 
 Yo I'm tellin' you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow 
 Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye 
 Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far 
 But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know 
 And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow 
 On everything I own, I'll make it on my own 
 Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road 
 You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it 
 Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest 
 To be walkin' this borderline of Detroit city limits 
 It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate 
 Of authenticity, you'd never even see 
 But it's everything to me, it's my credibility 
 You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC 
 Who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me 
 But yet I'm still unsigned, havin' a rough time 
 Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes 
 Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline 
 But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go 
 Who must I show, to bust my flow 
 Where must I go, who must I know 
 Or am I just another crab in the bucket 
 'Cause I ain't havin' no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck it 
 Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit 
 I'm feelin' a little skeptical who I hang out with 
 I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit 
 At the Salvation Army tryin' to salvage an outfit 
 And it's cold, tryin' to travel this road 
 Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode 
 My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want 
 Is pity from no one, the city is no fun 
 There is no sun, and it's so dark 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart 
 From each one of my limbs, by each on of my friends 
 It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin 
 Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not 
 What I'm doin' I just blow, my head is a stove top 
 I just explode, the kettle gets so hot 
 Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got 
 But I've learned, it's time for me to you-turn 
 Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned 
 Ain't no fallin' no next time I meet a new girl 
 I can no longer play stupid or be immature 
 I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage 
 Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words 
 Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge 
 Suddenly a new burst of energy is occurred 
 Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third 
 I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird 
 Then I turn and cross over the median curb 
 Hit the 'burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
 It's okay, it's okay 
 I'm gonna make it anyway 
 (Incomprehensible) 
 Sometimes I just feel like, quitting I still might 
 Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write 
 Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' wit real life 
 Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics 
 And show these people what my level of skills like 
 But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life 
 Something ain't right, hit the brake lights 
 Case of the stage fright, drawin' a blank like 
 Uh, da di da, it ain't my fault 
 Great big eyeballs, my insides crawl 
 And I clam up, I just slam shut 
 I just can't do it, my whole manhood's 
 Just been stripped, I have just been ripped 
 So I must then get, off this bus then split 
 Man fuck this shit yo, I'm going the fuck home 
 World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 mile road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 8 mile road, and I'm gone, I know right where I'm going 
 Sorry mama I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't following no footsteps, I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 mile road 
 I'm walking these train tracks, tryin' to regain back 
 The spirit I had fore I go back to the same crap 
 To the same plant, in the same pants 
 Tryin' to chase rap, gotta move ASAP 
 And get a new plan, momma's got a new man 
 Poor little baby sister, she don't understand 
 Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad 
 And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand 
 While she colors her big brother, her mother and dad 
 Ain't no tellin' what really goes on in her little head 
 Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had 
 But I keep runnin' from something I never wanted so bad! 
 Sometimes I get upset, 'cause I ain't blew up yet 
 It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet 
 Don't got a rep my step, don't got enough pep 
 The pressures too much man, I'm just tryin' to do what's best 
 And I try, sit alone and I cry 
 Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by 
 That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin' You, God 
 Please don't let me be pigeon holed in no regular job 
 Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are 
 Yo I'm tellin' you dawg, I'm bailin' this trailer tomorrow 
 Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye 
 Say whenever you need me baby I'm never to far 
 But yo I gotta get out there the only way that I know 
 And I'ma be back for you the second that I blow 
 On everything I own, I'll make it on my own 
 Off to work I go, back to this 8 mile road 
 I'm a man, gotta make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 8 mile road, and I'm gone, I know right where I'm going 
 Sorry mama I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't following no footsteps, I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 mile road 
 You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it 
 Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't it still is 
 To be walkin' this boarder line of Detroit city limits 
 It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate 
 Of authenticity, you've never even seen 
 But it's everything to me, it's my credibility 
 You've never seen, heard, smelled, or met a real MC 
 Who's incredible on the same pedestal as me 
 But yet still unsigned, having a rough time 
 Sit on the porch wit all my friends and kick dumb rhymes 
 Go to work and serve MC's in the lunch line 
 But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go? 
 Who must I show to bust my flow? 
 Where must I go, who must I know? 
 Or am I just another crab in the bucket 
 'Cause I ain't havin' no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck it 
 Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin' to doubt shit 
 I'm feelin' a little skeptical who I hang out with 
 I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit 
 At the salvation army tryin' to salvage an outfit 
 And it's cold tryin' to travel this road 
 Plus I feel like I'm always stuck in this battlin' mode 
 My defenses are so up, and one thing I don't want 
 Is pity from no one, this city is no fun 
 There is no sun, and it's so dark 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm just being pulled apart 
 From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends 
 It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin 
 Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not 
 What I'm doin' I just blow, my head is a stove top 
 I just explode, the kettle gets so hot 
 Sometimes my mouth just overloads the gas that I don't got 
 But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn 
 Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned 
 Ain't no falling no next time I meet a new girl 
 I can no longer play stupid or be immature 
 I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage 
 Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words 
 Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge 
 Suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred 
 Time to show these free world leaders I'm three in the third 
 I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird 
 Then I turn and cross over the median curb 
 Hit the burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 mile road 
 I'm a man, gotta make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 8 mile road, and I'm gone, I know right where I'm going 
 Sorry mama I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't following no footsteps, I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 mile road
 Yeah Renegades is back and the beat is sick, 
 Jay Z, Freeway, 8 Miles, 
 Let's go... 
 8 miles and running, got my 7 album droppin', 
 And my 8 album coming, 
 Feedin a thousand growling stomachs, 
 But I could rewind the counter ta back, back, 
 When it was now or nothing, 
 People said I would amount to nothing, 
 That I had time for nothing, 
 Said I wasn't from the valers 
 Or the sellers by your gunman, 
 I can see the folks now he got what he had coming, 
 Now that my 8th album's coming, 
 Everybody smiling wanting something, 
 Claiming that they done something for em, 
 Got Jay Z and pom poms in they whole uniforms, 
 Claiming they be running and telling everybody like Martin Lawrence, 
 About how hot my rap performace was before I was who I was, 
 Claimin that they threw it up before I threw it up, you what... 
 Where was you before I blew this up, 
 I didn't see you in the courtroom when everyone was suein us, 
 I didn't see you in all black when everybody was suitin up, 
 Back on the block, kickin it in and it was no you with us, 
 8 miles and running, got my 7 album droppin', 
 And my 8 album coming, 
 Feedin a thousand growling stomachs, freaks... 
 6 miles and running got my fist straight poppin', 
 And my first album coming feedin 20 promises I made 
 6 miles and running in the pontiak, 
 6 thousand 86 trans mic shift, 
 While the engine run, 
 Anyone turn around 
 And give me one more chance, 
 Let 'em smoke and scream 'em one more grams, 
 So I'm a bring them, homie, son and my pop, 
 Stick close to my momma, keep toasters for drama, 
 Mix alot with my son, my son growin' and he learnin alot, 
 That's what I'm toastin, that's what I'm burin, so pop, 
 Right on your own, rell 'em nigga, tell 'em nigga, 
 It's like a biblical scripture, 
 Look back turn to salt like the sinners 
 And most y'all heartless and self-centered 
 Like me shaggin, me shack, 
 Set up your brother cause you tell us nigga, 
 Heat back, uh, like, you never love for never 
 And cops watch every step, 6 miles and running 
 Dodge in every trap, the rap ginger bread man, 
 Cherish every precious breath, stat pick a second gat 
 Uh... 
 Back when nobody would find me a talent, 
 Nobody would sign me, nobody believed in me, 
 Nobody but mommy blindly, but how could she deny me, 
 Me being the youngest friend to come up out of her, 
 Tell me, she got every love for me, 
 When niggas would worn me the industry shun me, 
 That's why I'm taking all the industries money, 
 Revenge is sweet honey, we run this, 
 Young is the illest, free is the future, 
 Beans and bleekers right now, 
 We can see our 8 miles nigga...
 A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together. 
 It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, 
 But I'm holding you closer than most'cause you are my heaven. 
 Kanye West 
 How you listen to a girl that still wanna man 
 Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Mann 
 I'm wonderin' why she "ret to go" like Wanda then 
 When we met you was a V like Madonna, man 
 Now you in the field runnin' plays like Donovan 
 McNabb before you get in a cab 
 I'll trade in my cab 
 Just to take you back to last summer, man 
 You don't remember when you was my sweetest 
 You don't remember when I called you Reese's Pieces 
 'Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what 
 She turned around and giggle said; "You so nuts!" 
 But nowadays we actin' way too grown up 
 Like how ya ex girl get the new numba 
 The rumors was so numerous 
 For stickin' by me, I had to give you two thumbs up 
 And that's why 
 A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together. 
 It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together. 
 Eminem 
 So young, so full of life and vibrant, 
 Side by side wherever you was ridin', I went, 
 So close almost was some Bonnie and Clyde shit, 
 When Ronnie died you was right by my side, 
 With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes, 
 And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it, 
 You even had the same type of childhood I did, 
 Sometimes I just wanna know why, 
 Is it that you surcame to yours, 
 And mine I survived it, 
 You ran the streets I nine to fived it, 
 We grew up, grew apart as time went by us, 
 Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises, 
 Now I feel the vibe I just can't describe it, 
 Much as your pride tries to hide it, 
 You're cold your touch, it's like ice, 
 And your eyes is the look of resentment, 
 I can sense it and I don't like it 
 A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together. 
 It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together. 
 Wiz Khalifa 
 Uh, stuck alone in this wave race 
 Say I'm living too fast, don't plan on changing my pace 
 Got one foot on the gas, it's never a need for brakes 
 Smoke ez-rider's with hash, fuck bitches from out of state 
 Valet bringing my cars, waiter bringing me plates 
 Shrimp and fillet Mignon, we celebrate buying drinks 
 Wit a couple of broads my nigga's who got love for me 
 It's lonely at the top, I'm tired of having company 
 Uh, so while you busy trying to fit in, I'm a stand out 
 And view my life through this lens to see how it pan's out 
 Substitute teacher ass nigga's, need a handout 
 Middle finger screaming fuck them nigga's who hated, 
 I'm money affiliated 
 Pop another bottle, that chronic smokin' degraded 
 Speculating me landing must of got me mistaken, 
 I'm speaking as the captain of the planes, 
 You's a runner on the jet way 
 A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together. 
 It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, 
 I was praying that you and me might end up together.
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9") 
 Uh, Nickle nine a nigga twitter beefin' first rapper that shot a fan 
 Gucci's my absolute state of mind, like Waka's man 
 Chopper's brand, getting head in the car park, new Gallardo 
 This bitch sucking my dick today, call yesterday's news tomorrow 
 Stretch a nigga out, I'm the new Tae-bo, 'bout to cross over, I'm the new Iver 
 'Bout to saves a couple of these bitches that's right, I'm the new Bible 
 You? You 5.0, me? I'm all grounded to punishments, but I'm too fly though 
 Y'all niggas be winin', I should call you Moscato 
 (Eminem) 
 Look down at the floor board 
 Looks like someone left a pair stiletto shoes in my Tahoe 
 Never know what type of a hoe inside of my ride I may let 
 Last night at 5 AM, and she ain't even recover from last Friday yet 
 Hoes all over the ride like it's an ice cream truck, I can see why they fret 
 I already ran over two hoes and I ain't get up the fucking drive way yet 
 Soon as I open the door, you try to resist, what for Get in girl, don't front shorty 
 You're Fightin' an unwinnable war, it's useless, like tits on a bull, little tits on a whore 
 Got a mack and it's full of brats kicking and screaming like little kids throwing fits on the floor 
 Get in the whip, but you ain't turning this frog into a prince 
 What you keep tryna convince me for? 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (No you don't) 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Not from me) 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Not on the lips are you crazy) 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me) 
 (Verse 2: Eminem) 
 Now you in my whip as long as you understand that I can't be whipped 
 You sick of companionship I say abandon ship, I'm a gigolo so you know, I'm always on the go 
 I ain't got no time to slow down for no relationshit 
 Drop the P and add a T, yeah, you can get mad at me all you want 
 But I'm ghost before you can even say boo, hun let alone call me one 
 A one-night stand is all he wants with a female fan, yeah one like Stan, 
 And he's so about a night stand in his bedroom has two lamps, 
 And only one nightstand. get the hint, 
 Ooh yeah boo, Ew, I ain't finna' to argue but why 
 You think they call it boo? cause it sound like it's supposed to scare you 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 Oh Ho, we can share you in the back of the Mclaren, I don't give a fuck 
 What your name is, Were gunna call you Hot and Bi, I hope your Bi, 
 But in the mean your name is Sharon 
 Slow the flow down so I can what 
 Tell your same face when I'm shooting guns is the same face I make when I fuck 
 From back of my hand on your neck pressing your face against the sheets it's insane 
 You then change, 'cause I'm out of this world, girl I got that Milky Way dick vein 
 I'm at an all-time high with highness, I'm at an all-time fly with flyness 
 And this is exactly what they say when they bow to your highness 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 Nickle Nine a nigga twitter beefing, the first rapper that shot a fan 
 (Verse 3: Royce Da 5'9") 
 Push a chick out the car when it's moving like waka's man 
 Her bottom's dark, but her top it tan 
 Her private parts got here on the pole 
 Like the opposite of her papa's plan 
 (Eminem) 
 Come on stripper! Let's hit the strip 180 
 Throw it in reverse and drop the trans 
 I'm in a trans man look at this bitch dance 
 (Royce) 
 Looking at this tramp, like what you wearing 
 Girl quit playing! 
 (Eminem) 
 Yeah bitch in them scrach 'n' sniff pants 
 Well let me scratch em 
 (Royce) 
 Let me sniff yeah 
 What? Did I say that? 
 I'm on lean like styrofoam cups and kickstands 
 (Eminem) 
 Middle finger stuck on fuck, stiff hands 
 But girl you got a butt like no if, ands 
 So yeah what the hell maybe 
 Awe hell Shady, he'll tell her like it is 
 So tell Katy Perry he's on her tail he's tail gating 
 These bells are my mating call, and I'm here bell's waiting 
 And tell Lady Gaga she can quit her job at the post office 
 She's still a male lady! 
 Wouldn't fuck her with her dick, you heard it, the verdict's in 
 He's allergic to divas, he'd take meat cleavers to 'em, 
 He don't give a damn about Bieber doin'! 
 What a demon, a behemoth, evil just seems to be seething through him 
 (Royce) 
 I like the strip tease you doing 
 This evening, you and me gonna find 
 3 more chickadees and have a menage like Nicki 
 You hot like dickee outfit in Texas 
 Without your under it sweatin 
 Suck my dick, we both gets to steppin to my logic 
 (Eminem) 
 My god trick, My dick is as hard as a yardstick 
 What we gonna do? Ride around till we're carsick 
 Then I'm gonna put this shit in park like dog shit 
 And you can blow me in the dark in the parking lot 
 Of a trailer park by the garbage 
 What you waiting on Me to roll up the carpet? 
 The condoms are in the glove compartment, lets start it! 
 Think I'm joking? What, am I sitting here 
 Trying to make fake farts with my armpits? 
 Tryin' to get you to sniff pot through your nose 
 Am I here to amuse you? Stop it. 
 (Royce) 
 I'm in your pocket outside of a church 
 The other hand reachin' for the bottom of your purse 
 You giving me head in a boxing stance 
 My dick's so big you could drop it in dirt 
 I'm not your man, we're sparring partners 
 There's 5 things you are in charge of, that's 
 Sucking a dick, sucking a dick, sucking a dick 
 Sucking a dick, sucking a dick 
 (Eminem) 
 If you ain't sucking a dick 
 Why you sitting there with puckered lips? That's collagen 
 Motherfucking bitch, what you mean how'd you 
 Get suckered into this you gonna jump into my truck 
 And then try to get truculent? 
 (Royce) 
 You should be suffering, you should be cooking 
 You should be buckling your seatbelt with oven mitts 
 (Eminem) 
 Excuse me while I make an ass of myself, but it's just 
 'Cause I wanna get... 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (No you don't) 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Not from me) 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Not on the lips are you crazy) 
 I want a kiss, a Kiss, a kiss 
 (Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me) 
 Nickle Nine a nigga twitter beefing, the first rapper that shot a fan.
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate 
 Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit. 
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. 
 You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show you 
 Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it 
 (Eminem) 
 Terrible but not rippable, invincible I hung invisible, 
 Fucking mistletoe over the world that stuck my ass up under it now pucker up them lips and kiss it hoes 
 Here we go 
 Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go the competition's miserable we stomp them bitches, this is no joke 
 Going overboard like someone threw us off the boat 
 Choke, apart from all the smoke 
 I'm trying to stay on fire so you know if I hate fucking water sprinklers I don't want a hoes 
 Someone left a cat out the bag now it's time to stuff his face 
 Bag in that bitch thought of that little motherfucker till it suffocates, who 
 You, handeling the ? tryna be so sick when the Bad and Evil was reunited hey 
 Came back to annihilate the games and dive straight this into this highway, 
 Word of Satan there's a drop full of ? Ouija board and I pray 
 Now I lay me down to sleep, I do this shit in my sleep 
 So now imagine if I awake! 
 I'm champ, bitch, I've never tasted Cannibus can never be no damn a wuss so pussy never mushy so you can't squish 
 No where near twisted, in fact if I jump out a ? taxi 
 Only time you'll hear me say I ambush 
 Outlandish, these words are weapons that I brandish 
 Stand off, wish the hoes get your hands off, this can't tie bitch 
 So why the fuck would I sugar coat it for? 
 No, fuck protocol, I'd holla at this whore but now my throat is sore 
 Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit. 
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. 
 You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show you 
 Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it 
 (Royce) 
 Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you trew acid on me, 
 I'm at your homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin' only have 
 Everything on and around your matrass looking like a world in front of a matrimony - you high 
 Thug yeah, go ahead, jump no matter how high you get, you're gonna come up short like Spud Webb 
 My DUI's get waved like saying bye, still rotten with no one else like James Todd can't change eye 
 I thank God for my safe thinking last time I was safethinking me and my niggers was doing a bank job 
 I stay violent y'all going to Beach Rock, you got a mouth like Kanye, I knock your whole bottom row of teeth out 
 No disrespecting Mr. West, shit I'm just nice with mine and it's just rap I'm just like Ricky Hatton, I just like to rhyme 
 These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough, they ask me for a hook I tell 'em left or right head or gut, 
 What you're all messing with, is a nigger that will leave you fubar, fucked up beyond all recognition 
 Y'all are rockstars, I'm the opposite, I could just throw a rock and hit a star, for the fuck of it 
 Partner you not hard I'll body you hot bars, beef has left you praying right, like allah hoo akhbar 
 Let's go, when I leave y'all shot you ain't gonna be on your metro, In a bad area they call? 
 Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit. 
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. 
 You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show you 
 Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it
 It's shit like this I kick to these rich white kids 
 Who just might see how fucked up this sick life is 
 Oops, I did it again, didn't I? My shit's harder 
 To figure out than what Britney's tit size is 
 Ooh, I probably pissed you off again, didn't I bitch? 
 So what? Christina Gaguilera kiss my grits 
 You know how many shit's I get if I wish I did 
 So, I can quit givin' these twisted little kids ideas 
 This just in, Britney just dissed Justin 
 She just fucked Ben, got tit fucked and dick sucked him 
 If Afflec can get his ass licked, how I can't shit 
 Goddamn bitch, I'm rich, I can't understand this 
 Are those pictures they made of us together on the Internet? 
 As close as I'm ever gonna get to hittin' it from the back 
 And shit when it comes to that I hit harder from the back 
 Than Everlast when he's pluggin' Lethal in his fuckin' ass 
 Just give me one more chance, Britney hit me one more time 
 Let me know what's on your mind, Whitney give me one more line 
 To sniff, you fuckers know what time it is 
 Fuck your jewelery, my record's almost diamond, beotch 
 What's goin' on in the world today? 
 People fightin', feudin', lootin', it's okay 
 Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
 Tell 'em Dre, it ain't nuttin' but music 
 What's goin' on in the world today? 
 People fightin', feudin', lootin', it's okay 
 Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
 Tell 'em Dre, it ain't nuttin' but music 
 Eminem doesn't like N'Sync, well I do 
 So fuck him and the Backstreet Boys too 
 Whatever happened to the cast of Different Strokes 
 Mary's broke, Ty's snortin' coke and then an overdose 
 I got two little boys with me 
 Michael Jackson sent two helicopters to get me 
 I'm up early wit my hair curly 
 Me and Mr. Furly, fuckin' Laverne and Shirley 
 A lotta rappers are livin' in la la land 
 That's why I let my dogs out on the Baha Men 
 As bad as a life I had, I'm not mad 
 I don't need to be a jackass to beat up my dad 
 My whole family's country, my grandmother's old fashioned 
 And she keeps askin' me why I rap wit a honky 
 But Granny, I'm a flunky, I could be a junky 
 I could be hangin' with the hoochies out at the club scene 
 To all the independent women in the house, hey 
 Show us your tits and shut your motherfuckin' mouth, what? 
 Robert Downey, Bobby Brownie, Whitney Houston 
 The shit's confusin', Jesse Jackson, reverend scandal 
 Got George Michael's, Tevin Campbell's', PeeWee Herman's 
 Peep show places, public restrooms, peep those cases 
 What's goin' on in the world today? 
 People fightin', feudin', lootin', it's okay 
 Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
 Tell 'em Dre, it ain't nuttin' but music 
 What's goin' on in the world today? 
 People fightin', feudin', lootin', it's okay 
 Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
 Tell 'em Dre, it ain't nuttin' but music 
 Huh, your mom and dad probably mad at us, for what? 
 We done turned their kids into little body snatchers 
 Ain't like where I'm from, we don't bite our tongue 
 Are you sure you want niggas 21 to carry guns? 
 It's sad but I'm glad that I'm made to rhyme 
 Where you work you ain't gettin' paid for that overtime 
 It's only music, media know it but they blind 
 I ain't in your light, so stay they hell up outta mine 
 Y'all the reason why Princess Diana ended up dyin' 
 If you people get offended I don't care, stop cryin' 
 Tryin' to get us to leave 'cause what we say just ain't clean, uh, uh 
 But holdin' back on what I say just ain't me 
 Now, what's these parents all mad for? 
 Your music is bad for, um, for teenage kids that drink 
 More than Ted Danson in Cheers Carson drink beers 
 We all fart and piss and cuss out our bitch, shut up 
 Broke or rich, I still do that same old shit 
 I don't jump in front of a camera and change no shit 
 So when they ask me about my sarcasticness 
 I just slap 'em, turn around and ask 'em this 
 What's goin' on in the world today? 
 People fightin', feudin', lootin', it's okay 
 Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
 Tell 'em Dre, it ain't nuttin' but music 
 What's goin' on in the world today? 
 People fightin', feudin', lootin', it's okay 
 Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll 
 Tell 'em Dre, it ain't nuttin' but music 
 Hoo hoo hoo
 You think it's all over. You see Missy and Jessica Alba in honey getting it on. But you can't find the dam reasons to fuck it on 
 (Chrous) 
 All about it people, let me hear you sing. All about it let me hear you say shit! YO ALL ABOUT IT 
 I could never find a fucking reason to stay alive. I saw Lindsay Loham in the new movie, I never saw a bud like that. But that's all about it 
 (Chrous x 2) 
 All about it 
 Let me hear you sing shit 
 Wow, wow, wow 
 Now when I was a little boy. I saw you, and let me tell you it was All about it
 (Chorus: opening) 
 I knew I was treated the way-yay-yay-yay you, came to me said oh-no-no-yo-better run away, don't stand, or stay 
 (Eminem) 
 Oh know, f*** me I didn't bunk the, man with the s*** hand, oh s*** you can f***** join my band, I don't have a stand to go through, remember me I'm slim shady, & you're just a little to lazy, to be my baby, go lady, I have work to do, twenty-twenty, go rent the, manny with no hanny, hands I mean lands, lands with his f***** butt, down legs and cluck, look at the time, the clock, don't blame me, I'm slim, blame it on him, 50 rent it, 
 i don't have time emmy 
 , all right then, trengy I look like a fool, I'm so f***** cool, the way I dress, the way I jump in the pool, f*** someone else b**** or suck my f***** d***, ha ha, f*** all 'a' y'all. 
 (50 Cent) 
 Look at man, look up, tell me why I'm trapped, don't go away I need ya' in da tub, it's so hot when you f*** the club, what am I sayin' yeah I'm playin', dr. dre's gone, now he's back, I mean shady, don't go crazy, we have work to do, work to do, don't go, baby stay, I have all the lady's they hot, smooth, I like it the way they touchin' me there, they don't get a hold of it, they making it better, my verse, on the verse, hold it, don't let go, babo 
 (Eminem) 
 Guys you thought, I'd be gone, shut up I'm done, f*** your tum, tom you're fun, fun, do I mean dum, go away, come back, I like the way you do it, 50 you were right, I like the way these girls touch me, as if I'm up three, don't wee, have more work to do, oh pee pee, don't go and cheat, I still have me, me, me me and you, having s*x in the bed, while the man with a dead bone head comes out, touching you're f***** s**y a**, & comes out sneekin' with the stinky a**whole, spit throat, don't blame me, oh again, I need the a.rays I mean play I need dre, he ain't here is he 
 no! 
 , that's what I thought would happen, after my dog, took snoop dogg, nate dogg, and the womans pussy, in to my d***, then what1 the hell, jay z on the TV singin' oh damn, he's so a racing. ok I just lost it, now I'm playing toy soldiers on the f***** bin, when I touch this bin, I will turn to steel, I'll be by the street mommy, by the way ma' I miss ya s-l-ut, come back, bring you're butt right here, we still have a new record to ruin through, oh and rades don't make, stratin' and tathen and rathen, to my brother Nathen, take it over, & Hailie don't let Kim draw the curtains. 
 Another sentencing, another one, it's gone, f*** man! dats it.
 Hi, original bad boy on the case, cover your face 
 Came in the place blowed, and sprayed puffy with mase 
 I laced the weed with insect repellent, better check the smelly 
 Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling 
 With a capital, somebody grab me a snapple 
 I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my Adam's apple 
 Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure 
 That my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her 
 I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months 
 And said, "I'm ready now bitch, ain't you feelin' these kicks cunt?" 
 The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
 I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell 
 I'm sick of these sperm cells with syphilis germs 
 And I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns 
 I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach 
 And vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it, yuck 
 Hit you in the head with a brick till you plummet 
 If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick till you numb it 
 And all that gibberish you was spittin', you need to kill it 
 'Cause your style is like dyin' in my sleep, I don't feel it 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a mini thin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy, hello, hi 
 'Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a mini thin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy 
 I'm ice grillin you, starin' you down with a gremlin grin 
 I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym 
 I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias 
 To save me with in case, I get chased by space aliens 
 A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium 
 Than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
 A highly combustible head, spazmatic 
 Strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed 
 Laid up in the hospital in critical condition 
 I flat lined, jumped up and ran from the mortician 
 High speed, IV full of Thai weed 
 Lookin' Chinese, with my knees stuck together like Siamese twins 
 Joined at the groin like lesbians 
 Pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins 
 I hope God forgives me for my sins, it probably all depends 
 On if I keep on killin' my girlfriends 
 Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a mini thin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy, hello, hi 
 'Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a mini thin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy 
 'Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a mini thin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy, hello, hi 
 'Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a mini thin 
 Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me? 
 Is fuckin' crazy 
 Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust 
 And got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed 
 Shucks, I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say 
 I call in to work, 'cause all I do is frolic and play 
 I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day 
 Of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be 
 Give me eleven Excederin' my head'll spin 
 Medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine 
 Scratched my balls till I shredded skin 
 Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been 
 It's probably AIDS, Forget it then 
 I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
 That don't even make sense, like dyke's usin' dildos 
 So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats 
 And pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus 
 Somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin' I get weeded 
 My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it, damn
 The Armageddon Freestyle EMINEM 
 Fucker 
 Yeah 
 Oh shit, it's the evil genius 
 Green lantern 
 Yeah 
 A yo Em 
 Ha ha 
 What we call this shit right here 
 The invasion 
 You have part one you got part two now its 
 Part three 
 The final chapter mother fuckers 
 Armageddon, lets go 
 I got a riddle what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white fillin in the middle 
 That will do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walkin' the whole Mediterranean 
 Isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no 
 His name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo so sorry wow 
 But that was a long time ago when I was just joe shmoe 
 Rappin' in joe blows basement I apologized for it befo, so 
 Either except it or you don't and lets move on 
 If I've shown that I've grown and get the bone 
 Keep lickin' these nuts you industry mutts 
 Keep walkin' around sniffin each others butts 
 Or should I say asses 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses 
 Hold up hold up hold up 
 New york city man 
 It's the kid Lloyd Banks 
 And it you hearin what I'm hearin right now 
 You know this ain't no regular shit homy 
 This something special and we gotta bring this back 
 Green common 
 Countdown to armageddon 
 Lets go 
 I got a riddle what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white fillin in the middle 
 That will do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walkin' the whole Mediterranean 
 Isn't it Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no 
 His name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo so sorry wow 
 But that was a long time ago when I was just joe shmoe 
 Rappin' in joe blows basement I apologized for it befo so 
 Either except it or you don't and lets move on 
 If I've shown that I've grown and get the bone 
 Keep lickin' these nuts you industry mutts 
 Keep walkin' around sniffin each others butts 
 Or should I say asses 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses 
 The question I ask is 
 How can I explain this 
 How can I swing this in English language 
 If I switch to slang and turn man to man 
 Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain 
 Am I bein real or am I bein fake 
 Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine 
 Or am I caught up in this hot water wody on my daughter 
 I told ya I love this culture don't let em' insult ya 
 I'm tell ya one me (a) gain this is the environment that I was brought up in 
 But every now and then I use my pen to get rid of some frustration 
 Or should I say or should I say shun 
 Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism 
 Your face is numb your stunned your look is cold 
 Like that of a man of seventy some years old 
 And it only gets colder which Is why I understand 
 And can't be mad at a forty four year old fan 
 With a chip on his shoulder who only owns a half of a magazine 
 And the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again 
 Only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown 
 Papa can't stand me papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down 
 In his new chair that goes round and round 
 That he bought from new money in his bank account 
 That I get him every issue when the thang comes out 
 Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out 
 And let his black side arm wrestle his white side 
 Yell Apartheid loud enough that he might slide 
 He might find someone dumb enough who might ride 
 But ain't nobody over here buyin two white guys disguised as pro black 
 There is no slack 
 Far heart for college great. In a fitted hat and a hunch back 
 Standin by the clearance coat rack 
 In some old slacks and tomorrows old throw backs 
 Yeah 
 Shady in the place to be c 
 And it takes what I got to rock the mic right 
 Still not gonna cater these punks 
 Fuckin' cocksuckin pussy lips haters dicks cunts
 Well I just heard the news today 
 It seems my life is going to change 
 I closed my eyes, begin to pray 
 Then tears of joy stream down my face 
 With arms wide open 
 Under the sunlight 
 Welcome to this place 
 I'll show you everything 
 With arms wide open 
 With arms wide open 
 Well I don't know if I'm ready 
 To be the man I have to be 
 I'll take a breath, I'll take her by my side 
 We stand in awe, we've created life 
 With arms wide open 
 Under the sunlight 
 Welcome to this place 
 I'll show you everything 
 With arms wide open 
 Now everything has changed 
 I'll show you love 
 I'll show you everything 
 With arms wide open 
 With arms wide open 
 I'll show you everything ...oh yeah 
 With arms wide open... wide open 
 If I had just one wish 
 Only one demand 
 I hope he's not like me 
 I hope he understands 
 That he can take this life 
 And hold it by the hand 
 And he can greet the world 
 With arms wide open... 
 With arms wide open 
 Under the sunlight 
 Welcome to this place 
 I'll show you everything 
 With arms wide open 
 Now everything has changed 
 I'll show you love 
 I'll show you everything 
 With arms wide open 
 With arms wide open 
 I'll show you everything... oh yeah 
 With arms wide open... wide open
 2 Skinnee J's acting crazed as of late 
 Sorry, it must be something that we ate 
 Sensiated what we gave you 
 Our behavior will astound you 
 The artificial flavors all around you 
 Well, it's the flavor save ya save ya here to save ya 
 Or dehydrate ya 
 I'll back you up, 
 Pardon this behavior 
 Give me nutra-sweet 
 Powered cheese 
 Extra extra MSG 
 I come out of order, 
 So just add water 
 It's the starter of the armada 
 Not try to tarter 
 Any plate that I can make 
 Is something like ambrosia 
 Give me calcium propionate, 
 Sodium benzoate 
 Preserve me like the Everglades 
 Sckulactic acid I'll eat plastic if I hafta 
 Include the saccharin for a meal that's fantastic 
 Give me green #3 
 Or blue #2 
 It will all come together in the artificial flavor 
 2 Skinnee J's acting crazed as of late 
 Sorry, it must be something that we ate 
 Satiated what we gave you 
 Our behavior will astound you 
 The artificial flavors all around you 
 Approach as I approach this topic and try to coach this 
 Artificial flava's got me bugging' like roaches 
 I'm getting busy like a bumble, 
 Now the honey's kinda funny 
 And the hive starts to crumble 
 I just wishful bliss in this life that I'm leading 
 But I'm dreaming' 
 Now the demon's feeding' 
 In Eden 
 Offers me an apple 
 But I know the shit's been sprayed with chemicals 
 And its detrimental to my medical 
 Condition 
 Concoction of a magician 
 Taken only under the advice of a physician 
 Delicious but penecious 
 So it ain't no friend of mine 
 The flavors artificial but the cancers genuine 
 As the cells swell 
 Like a wrist and a razor 
 Inhale the breeze of cfc's through my nasal 
 Passages 
 Ravages and contamination 
 Instant death, 
 The choice of a new generation 
 2 Skinnee J's acting crazed as of late 
 Sorry, it must be something that we ate 
 Sensiated what we gave you 
 Our behavior will astound you the 
 Artificial flavors all around you 
 Special J's here to save you with the artificial flavor 
 J Gueverra's here to save you 
 From the artificial flavor!
 The way you shake it 
 I can't believe it, I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 The way you move it, you make my *honk* 
 Go... d-doing doing doing 
 I don't believe it, it's almost to good to be true 
 I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 The way you move it, you make my *honk* go... d-doing doing doing 
 (Verse 1 - Eminem) 
 The way she moves, she's like a belly-dancer 
 She shakin that butt to the new Nelly jam-z 
 I think someone's at the door but I don't think I'm gonna answer 
 Police saying, FREEZE... d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean freeze? Please I'm a human being 
 I have needs, I'm not done, not till I'm finished peeing 
 I'm not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer 
 I'm already on my knees, I can't get on the ground any further 
 It's impossible for me, and do not treat me like a murderer 
 I just like to pee, pee, pee, Yes, I make R&B I sing song, it go Ringy Chong ah Ching Chong Chong Chong Ching 
 Psyche, I joke I joke, I kid I kid. If offend, I'm sorry 
 Please, Please forgive, for I am Triumph, the puppet dog 
 I am a mere puppet, I can get away anything I say and you will love it 
 Jessica Simpson, looks oh so tempting 
 Nick, I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 Every time I see that show on MTV my *honk* goes... d-doing doing doing 
 Mary Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome 
 Now they getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums 
 I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn 
 Police saying, FREEZE... d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean freeze? GEEZ I just got my seat 
 I have ticket, look I put away, my zipper zipped 
 Please do not remove me from this movie theatre, please 
 I did not even get to see Mary Kate's shower scene 
 I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene 
 And don't treat me like I'm Pee Wee Herman 
 This movie's PG, Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney 
 I will simple plead innocent, cop a plea, and be free 
 Free, yes free, right back on the streets 
 What you mean my lawyers with Michael, He's too busy? 
 I am Triumph, Britney Spears looks like a man 
 And I can say that and you laugh cause there's a puppet on my hand 
 Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so I ain't never seen a tush like that 
 Maybe next year I'll say butt and she'll make my *honk* go... d-doing doing doing 
 The way she moves she dances like a GO-GO 
 In that video she sings "get out" you bozo 
 I need a new boyfriend, Hi my name is Jo-Jo 
 Police saying, FREEZE... d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean freeze? My computers will be seized 
 And my keys to my ranch. I just baked cookies 
 Mr. Officer, lookie, take a whiff of these 
 Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this 
 Nobody is safe from me, no not even me 
 I don't even know if I could say the word pee pee 
 Pee on the radio but I think I did 
 Janet is that a br-st-est? I think I just saw a t-t-it 
 Psyche, I joke I joke, I kid I kid 
 I don't think my joke is working I must flee 
 Quick, get to the chopper, everybody get out 
 I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down 
 So Gwen Stafani will you *honk* on me, Please 
 I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 Cause the way you move it, you make my *honk* go d-doing doing doing
 {Lotto} 
 I'll spit a racial slur honky sew me 
 This shit is a Horror flick but a black guy doesn't die in this movie. 
 You gotta be kiddin 
 That makes me believe you really don't have an interest to livin' 
 You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say 
 I got a better chance joining the kkk 
 For some real shit though I like you 
 That's why I didn't want to be the one you commit suicide to 
 Fuck lotto call me your leader 
 I feel bad that I gota murder that dude from leave it to beaver 
 I used to like that show now you got me in fight back mode 
 But oh well if you gotta go then you gotta go 
 I hate to do this I would love for this shit to 
 Last so I'll 
 Take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass 
 And alls well that ends ok 
 So I'll end this shit with a fuck you and have a nice day 
 {B Rabbit} 
 Ward, I Think you were a little hard on the beaver 
 So was Eddie Hasko, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver 
 This Guy keeps screaming he's paranoid 
 Quick someone get his ass another steroid 
 Blah badi boo blah bah badi bloo blah 
 I ain't hear a word you said 
 Hipidi hoo bla 
 Is that a tank top or a new bra 
 Look snoop dogg just got a fuckin' boob job 
 Didn't you listen to the last round meat head 
 Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said 
 Matter fact dogg heres a pencil 
 Go home write some stuff make it suspensful 
 And don't come back until something dope hits you 
 Fuck it you can take the mic home with you 
 Looking like a cyclone hit you 
 Tank top screaming lotto I don't fit you 
 You look how far these white jokes get you 
 Boy's like how vanilla ice gonna diss you 
 My motto fuck lotto 
 I'll get the seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow (oh)
 Now everybody from the 313 put your motha fuckin' hands up and follow me 
 Now everybody from the 313 put your motha fuckin' hands up 
 Look look 
 Now while he stands tough 
 Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 The Free World's got you gassed up 
 Now who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf 
 1, 2, 3 and to the 4 
 1 pac 2 pac 3 pac 4 
 4 pac 3 pac 2 pac 1 
 You're pac he's pac You're pac none 
 This guy ain't no motha fuckin' MC 
 I know everything he's got to say against me 
 I am white I am a fuckin' bum 
 I do live in a trailer with my mom 
 My boy future is an Uncle Tom 
 I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob 
 Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun 
 I did get jumped by all six of you chumps 
 And Wink did fuck my girl 
 I'm still standing here screamin' fuck the Free World 
 Don't ever try to judge me dude 
 You don't know what the fuck I've been through 
 But I know something about you 
 You went to Cranbrook 
 That's a private school 
 What's the matter dog? 
 You embarrassed? 
 This guy's a gangster? 
 His real names' Clarence 
 And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
 And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage 
 This guy don't wanna battle hes shook 
 'Cause there ain't no such thing as halfway crooks 
 He's scared to death 
 He's scared to look at his fuckin' year book 
 Fuck Cranbrooke 
 Fuck a beat I'll go a capella 
 Fuck Papa Doc 
 Fuck a clock 
 Fuck a trailer 
 Fuck everybody 
 Fuck y'all if you doubt me 
 I'm a piece of fuckin' white trash I say it proudly 
 And fuck this battle I don't wanna win, I'm outtie 
 Here, tell these people somethin' they don't know about me
 Check this out, check this out, 
 RAP 
 This guy's a choke artist 
 Ya catch a bad one 
 Your better off shootin yourself 
 With Papa Doc's handgun 
 Climbin up this mountain your weak 
 Ill leave you lost without a paddle 
 Floatin up shits creek 
 You ain't Detroit, I'm the D 
 Your the new kid on the block 
 Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks 
 Fuckin' Nazi, this crowd ain't your type 
 Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice 
 And what I tell you, you better use it 
 This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music 
 Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath 
 And have you lookin' foolish 
 Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself 
 Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 
 Cause you follow Future like he got carrots up his asscrack 
 And when you actin' up that's when you got jacked up 
 And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 
 Ill crack your shoulder blade 
 You'll get dropped so hard 
 Elvis will start turnin' in his grave 
 I don't know why they let you out in the dark 
 You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile 
 To the trailor park
 Yeah, I said this on for your sterio 
 Turn me up, turn me up 
 Turn me up, turn me 
 Yeah'yeah I say-say this one for your sterio, turn me up, turn me up 
 Shout out sexy ladies 
 This right here is your 
 Song 
 Hop inside your car and 
 Turn your radio on 
 She blowing me kisses 
 She blowing me kisses 
 I'm sitting and 
 Reminiscing'thinking 
 Dreaming. 
 She blowing me kisses 
 She blowing me kisses 
 I'm sitting and 
 Remeniscing'thinking 
 Dreaming 
 About us 
 I can take you places 
 Places you have never been 
 Caribbean, feet in the sand 
 I-i can take you around the word 
 And you can be my girl 
 And I can buy you 
 Pearls 
 And you can tell your girlfriends, how I put it 
 Down 
 And it's like a movie 
 Every time I come around 
 When I'm in your city 
 Man I shut the town 
 Down 
 Tell the whole world 
 That I'm hot right now. 
 Shout out sexy ladies 
 This right here is your 
 Song 
 Hop inside your car and turn your radio on 
 Shout out sexy ladies 
 This right here is your 
 Song 
 Hop inside your car and 
 Turn your radio on 
 She blowing me kisses 
 She blowing me kisses 
 I'm sitting and 
 Reminicing, thinking, dreaming 
 She blowing me kisses 
 She blowing me kisses 
 I'm sitting and 
 Reminicing, thinking, dreaming 
 About 
 Yeah 
 She like me, I like her 
 Knew-knew I would've 
 Wifed her 
 Who would've thought 
 That, she would 
 Been like 
 The other half of me what a sight to see 
 Me and her travelling, all across the world 
 I can be her man, she 
 She can be my girl 
 Turn the radio on she 
 Kissing me through the phone 
 When I sing her a song 
 When I tell its on 
 Till fade
 Oh shit 
 Guess what? 
 I ain't coming in yet, I'll come in a minute 
 Aiyo, this is my love song. It goes like this 
 Back when Mark Wall burg was Marky Mark 
 This is how we used to make the party start 
 We used to mix in with Bacardi dark 
 And when it kicks in you can hardly talk 
 And by the sixth gin you gone probably crawl 
 And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf 
 And my pre-diction is that you gone probably fall 
 Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall 
 And every things spinnin' your beginning 
 To think women are swimmin' in 
 Pink linen again in the sink 
 Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished 
 You are now allowed to officially slap bitches 
 You have the right to remain violent and start wildin' 
 Start a fight with the same guy that was smart rhymin' 
 Get in the car and start it and start drivin' 
 Over the island and cause a 42 car pile up 
 Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot 
 Looking for life on this planet sir, no sign of it 
 All I could see is a bunch of smoke flyin' 
 And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it 
 Let me out of this place I'm outta place 
 I'm in in outter space, I've just vanished without a trace 
 I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow 
 I'll be back in an hour or so 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave 
 (Whoa) 
 Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve 
 (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay 
 (Whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold on me 
 (Whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try ta tell 'em no 
 (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go 
 (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say 
 (Whoa) 
 Is drug's really gotta hold on me 
 In third grade all I used to do 
 Was sniff glue through a tube and play rubix cube 
 Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Joo 
 Schemein' on the first chick with the hugest boobs 
 I got no game, and every face looks the same 
 They got no name, so I don't need game to play 
 I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want 
 Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want 
 However I do show some respect to few 
 This ecstacy has got me standin' next to you 
 Gettin' sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you 
 We just met, but I think I'm in love with you 
 But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too, 
 Wake up in the morning like "What the fuck we do?" 
 I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do 
 'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you 
 But in the long run these drugs are gonna catch up sooner or later 
 But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy 
 Let the ex destroy your spinal chord 
 So it's not a straight line no more 
 So we walk around lookin' like some wind-up dolls 
 Shit stickin' out of our backs like a dinosaur 
 Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more 
 So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave 
 (Whoa) 
 Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve 
 (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay 
 (Whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold on me 
 (Whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try ta tell 'em no 
 (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go 
 (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say 
 (Whoa) 
 Is drug's really gotta hold on me 
 That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow it all 
 Wallow and drown in your sorrow 
 And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again 
 What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it 
 And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and what's a little fight 
 Tomorrow you'll be boys again 
 It's your life, live it however you wanna 
 Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up? 
 It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin' 
 'Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin' 
 They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin 
 Even though you wake up feelin' like shit every mornin 
 But your young, you got a lot of drugs to do 
 Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you 
 If I could take it all back now I wouldn't 
 I woulda did more shit that people said that I shouldn't 
 But I'm all grown up now, and upgraded and graduated 
 To better drugs and updated 
 But I still gotta a lot of growin' up to do 
 I still gotta whole lot of throwin' up to spew 
 But when it's all said and done before I know it 
 I'll be forty wit a 40 on the porch tellin' stories 
 With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap 
 Babysitting for Hailey, while Hailey's out gettin' shmashed 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave 
 (Whoa) 
 Someone keeps pullin on my sleeve 
 (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay 
 (Whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold on me 
 (Whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try ta tell 'em no 
 (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go 
 (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say 
 (Whoa) 
 Is drug's really gotta hold on me 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave 
 (Whoa) 
 Someone keeps pullin on my sleeve 
 (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay 
 (Whoa) 
 These drugs really gotta hold on me 
 (Whoa) 
 'Cause every time I try ta tell 'em no 
 (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go 
 (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say 
 (Whoa) 
 Is drug's really gotta hold on me 
 Drugs really gotta hold on me 
 Really got a hold on me 
 Drugs really gotta hold on me 
 They really got a hold on me
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 B-ballin' Uncontrollably 
 (x4) 
 Man, I got everything candy-painted 
 Candy-painted tint, it's (?) so dark 
 I'd be lying if I said I ain't hit 
 At least nine of my friends 
 Plus, I got so much candy paint in my rims 
 Paint be flyin' off my car 
 Be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids 
 I got that whole block lookin' like it's Candyland 
 Ask about me, man, they be like, there go the candy man 
 I park the car in the garage and go in and 
 Come back the next mornin' 
 The rims are still spinnin' 
 Hit the wheels on that Phantom, man, that shit looks like the Batmobile 
 32-inch rims, shit, I ain't even got no wheels 
 Custom-fitted, custom-kitted wood grain 
 Custom everything, what's that on the seat? 
 Custom mustard stain 
 Now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball 
 Get out the car, they be like, "Ah, there go them superstars!" 
 Hit every single store, flash a fucking wad of cash 
 But I ain't buying shit, bitch 
 Kiss my candy-painted ass 
 We... 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 B-ballin' Uncontrollably 
 (x4) 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Hit the corner liquor store 
 To get Corona, tip the owners 
 Sipped it on the way out as I dipped, I wanna rip the road up 
 And I'ma hit the cinema and I'ma get the hoes, 
 When I be it, I be it, shit, anything goes 
 I'm ballin' out of control, girls know I'm loaded with dough 
 But, shit, I'm stingy as fuck 
 I'm fuckin' stingy as hoes (?) 
 These bitches don't get a crumb, and it come 
 But I'm like what up 
 Shut up, bitch, sit up, get up off them knees 
 My candy paint's enough 
 If you're lucky, I'll let you hug me, but that's all you get 
 Then I'ma split, disappear, a cloud of smoke is all you see 
 Yeah... 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 B-ballin' Uncontrollably 
 (x4) 
 Bitch, get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck 
 I'm horny as fuck, bitch, are you suckin' my dick or what? 
 I'll fuck a chick in the butt, I really don't give a shit 
 Is pretty Marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch? 
 You fuckin' keyed up my Benz 
 Bitch, I beat up my friends 
 Don't think I won't beat a bitch 
 I'll kick a six-year-old in the ribs 
 You fuckin' retard, I'll have you suckin' farts out my seat 
 I'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat 
 What the fuck do you think that colostomy bag is for, looks? 
 I ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks 
 I fuckin' take a Make a Wish Foundation patient with me 
 How 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution IV? 
 Turn around and use it on me 
 You tryna take my keys? 
 You fuckin' broad, get in back, you're comin' to Florida with me, 
 Tell your momma I'ma drop you off at the hospital later 
 We finna make this run 
 Take this gun and cover me, Slater 
 And quit your... 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 Ballin' Uncontrollably 
 B-ballin' Uncontrollably 
 (x4)
 {*Scratched: "What? You wanna battle ME?"*} 
 {*Scratched: "Yo man, how much money you got?"*} 
 {*Scratched: "What? You wanna battle ME?"*} 
 {*Scratched: "Yo man, how much money you got?"*} 
 (Guru) 
 I used to guzzle 40's, and own a beat up Caddy 
 Since the hood still love me, I'll turn the heat up daddy 
 I went from mackin fly honies on the train 
 To straight relaxin on the beach, countin' money gettin' brain 
 Soon as you rappers get a chance you wanna floss a lot 
 You buy a iced out watch because it cost a lot 
 Then you in the club, stylin with dough 
 Profilin with hoes that we boned, a while ago 
 You rookies haven't done enough laps around the track 
 You had one hot single, but then your album sounds wack 
 Son you bore me with your war stories 
 You ain't even do that shit, so that's just more stories 
 How you expect us to take you seriously? 
 The look in my eye punk, has got you scared of me 
 I'm blastin your sons, I'm snatchin your funds 
 You catch a royal ass-whoopin, you've been askin for one 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game"*} 
 "What... what?" {*scratch: "We thorough to the end"*} 
 "Yo man.." "You know the drill" 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game"*} 
 "What... what?" {*scratch: "You wanna battle me?"*} 
 "Yo man.." "How much money you got?" 
 (Guru) 
 Bitch you don't even know, the half about me 
 I bring it straight to your chest, ask your staff about me 
 I'm just a little bit older, plus a whole lot wiser 
 I might advise ya, or I might pulverize ya 
 I can visit any city, get respect in the street 
 While you alone in your room, shook to death of the streets 
 I'll take a second to speak, I keep my weapon in reach 
 I ain't talkin' romance but you'll get swept off your feet 
 I keeps a ghetto chick, that loves to blast and she peddle shit 
 Groupies fake moves, I get her to settle shit 
 You can't compare to the status right here 
 Legendary worldwide, we can battle right here 
 Listen junior, I'ma tear back your wig 
 This ain't TV but I'll show you what a "Fear Factor" is 
 Stop grillin me, and all that frontin is killin' me 
 You leave me no choice but to hurt your feelings G 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game"*} 
 "What... what?" {*scratch: "You wanna battle me?"*} 
 "Yo man.." "How much money you got?" 
 "What... what?" {*scratch: "We thorough to the end"*} 
 "Yo man.." "You know the drill" 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game"*} 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game"*} 
 {*Scratch: "We thorough to the end"*} 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around"*} 
 "You know the drill" 
 {*Scratch: "We thorough to the end"*} 
 {*Scratched: "I'm bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game"*} 
 "You know the drill"
 Going back to the corner where I first saw you, 
 Gonna camp in my sleeping bag I'm not gonna move, 
 Got some words on cardboard got your picture in my hand, 
 Saying if you see this girl can you tell her where I am, 
 Some try to hand me money they don't understand, 
 I'm not... broke I'm just a broken hearted man, 
 I know it makes no sense, but what else can I do, 
 How can I move on when I'm still in love with you... 
 'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me, 
 And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I can be, 
 Thinking maybe you'll come back here to the place that we'd meet, 
 And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street. 
 So I'm not moving... 
 I'm not moving. 
 Policeman says son you can't stay here, 
 I said there's someone I'm waiting for if it's a day, a month, a year, 
 Gotta stand my ground even if it rains or snows, 
 If she changes her mind this is the first place she will go. 
 'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me, 
 And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I can be, 
 Thinking maybe you'll come back here to the place that we'd meet, 
 And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street. 
 So I'm not moving... 
 I'm not moving. 
 I'm not moving... 
 I'm not moving. 
 People talk about the guy 
 Who's waiting on a girl... 
 Oohoohwoo 
 There are no holes in his shoes 
 But a big hole in his world... 
 Hmmmm 
 And maybe I'll get famous as man who can't be moved, 
 And maybe you won't mean to but you'll see me on the news, 
 And you'll come running to the corner... 
 'Cause you'll know it's just for you 
 I'm the man who can't be moved 
 I'm the man who can't be moved... 
 'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me, 
 And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I can be, 
 Thinking maybe you'll come back here to the place that we'd meet, 
 And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street. 
 (Repeat in background) 
 So I'm not moving... 
 I'm not moving. 
 I'm not moving... 
 I'm not moving. 
 Going back to the corner where I first saw you, 
 Gonna camp in my sleeping bag not I'm not gonna move.
 ([Jay-Z]Best rapper alive) x4 
 [Jay-Z] Whoo!...Ladies and gentlemen... 
 [Eminem] You're now about to witness the power of... 
 [Jay-Z] H, to the Izzo... and... 
 [Eminem] Shady (ha-ha)... It's showtime 
 (Verse 1 - Jay-Z) 
 Yo, gather round hustlers that's if you still livin' 
 And get on down, to that ol' Jig rhythm 
 Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison 
 A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high 
 I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people 
 Mouthpiece for hustlers I'm back motherfuckers 
 Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns 
 Y'all can't fuck with Hov', what type of X y'all on? 
 I got great lawyers for cops so dress warm 
 Charges don't stick to dude he's teflon 
 I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred 
 I'm not guilty, now GIMME back my bread 
 Mr. District Attorney I'm not sure if they told you 
 I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to 
 Plus - Hov' don't run, Hov' stand and fight 
 Hov's a soldier, Hov' been fightin all his life so 
 What could you do to me? It's not new to me 
 Sue me; fuck you - what's a couple dollars to me? 
 But you will respect me, simple as that 
 Or I got no problem goin' back 
 I'm representin for the seat where Rosa Parks sat 
 Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped 
 So off we go, let the trumpets blow 
 And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro 
 The ruler's back 
 (Best Rapper Alive) x4 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Uh, uh-huh uh uh 
 I, am, BACK, niggaz - 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Turn the motherfuckin music up 
 [Jay-Z & Eminem] Can't leave rap alone the game needs me 
 [Eminem]"Give me the mic, show me where the fucking studio's at" 
 (Verse 2 - Eminem) 
 There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this 
 And it's the, most sinister duo in the business 
 Once again it's the, illest and realest killas 
 The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice 
 Drop them zeros and get with these heroes 
 Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's 
 Not over till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners 
 Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's 
 Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us 
 Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us 
 Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is 
 The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is 
 And as sick as his music is, or was, still is 
 Whatever, forever, he will be the illest 
 To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next 
 He's already reconciled with his ex, a chainsaw and an axe 
 Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck 
 While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax 
 I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back 
 The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack 
 Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad 
 I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically 
 He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that 
 I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track 
 In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap 
 I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that 
 Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass 
 I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass 
 (Best Rapper Alive) x4 
 [Em and Jay-Z] "Can't leave rap alone the game needs me"
 [DJ scratching] - "Do it!" 
 (Eminem) 
 Sneakin in through the back door, fruity MC's get ambushed 
 Rammed and squooshed, slammed and pushed, crammed and mushed 
 Then I'm movin on down from the right to left 
 So bite the meth or prepare to fight to death 
 To get jacked, attacked and cracked in two 
 Smackin through till you're black and blue for actin' true 
 I'm dreaded like a man whose hair is all strands 
 Proof that I be sniffin on aerosol cans 
 I'm stompin, I'm kickin, I'm chokin, I'm stampin em 
 Clompin em, stickin, and pokin and clampin em 
 To electric chairs and tightenin bolts 
 Hit 'em with frightening jolts of lightning bolts 
 I'm zappin, rappers, singers, and dancers 
 Faster than you could snap your fingers for ransom 
 Cancer is in the flesh, alive and breathin 
 Survivin by connivin and theivin 
 [DJ scratching] - "Do it!", "Eat 'em up" 
 (Eminem) 
 I had a dream I was gettin' jacked by biters 
 It felt like I was bein attacked by spiders 
 Developin a fear of biterphobia 
 I'm holdin' a gas can and lighter over ya 
 If I detect ya, I'ma pulverize 
 Dissect your brain, diggin in your skull for lies 
 And I'ma torture, with material iller 
 Than a stark ravin mad serial killer 
 I'm more dangerous than a loaded chamber is 
 A major risk to a plagiarist 
 So beware of the aura, A terror for the horrible 
 Will scare ya tomorrow, is the airborne assault of the rappers 
 Hit the source to better my skills, 
 I head for the border 
 And run the Galloping Hills, the choice is yours 
 Cause now buddy's noises force me to scream till my voice is hoarse 
 'Cause I'm sick of these jabber jaws and crap that grab at yours and savage yours to bite like Labradors 
 In the range of my double-barrel 
 And your life is in danger, trouble, and peril 
 (DJ scratching) 
 (Eminem) 
 I trample and stamp liars, like they were campfires 
 'Cause vampires bite on my balls and clamp pliers 
 And swing on my big thingamajig 
 So I'm bringin' my nig Proof for backup when I sing at my gig 
 Cause biters are fallin' head over heels 
 In love with every rhyme that I've said over reels 
 That's how I became paranoid 
 Chewin my fingernails, pullin my hair annoyed 
 Cause every time you bit it was deliberate 
 So I'm forced to hit a little quicker with 
 An ultimatum I assault and slayed em 
 With rhymes and it's ultimatum just to cultivate em 
 Energetic and imaginative, 
 Pronouns and verbs, predicates and adjectives 
 Will reach out and grab ya, 9 times outta 10 
 That's why I'm spilling one of a kind rhymes out a pen 
 [DJ scratching] - "Everybody walk out the back door" 
 (DJ scratching to fade)
 {Just pull the plug! 
 People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it 
 They say I'm suicidal 
 Teenagers' newest idol 
 C'mon do as I do 
 Go ahead get mad and do it} 
 (x2) 
 Eminem: 
 Hand me an .8 
 Beam me up and land me in space 
 I'm a sit on top of the world {I'm here 
 And shit on Brandy and Mase 
 I'm more than I'll 
 Scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {ah 
 Human horror film 
 But with a lot funnier plot 
 And people goin' feel me 'cause I'm a still be 
 The mad rapper whether I got money or not {yup 
 As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot 
 I'll be in a canoe paddlin' makin' fun of your yacht 
 But I would like an award 
 For the best rapper to get one mic in The Source 
 And a wardrobe I can afford 
 Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford 
 And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for 
 Everybody's pissin' me off; even a No Limit tank looks like 
 A middle finger sideways flippin' me off 
 No shit I'm a grave danger to my health 
 Why else would I kill you and jump in a grave and bury myself 
 {Just pull the plug! 
 People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal 
 Teenagers' newest idol 
 C'mon do as I do 
 Go ahead get mad and do it 
 Just let it go! } 
 (x2) 
 Eminem: 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrolling corners 
 Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Rosco beating James Tar Senior 
 Across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {ouch ouch 
 I grew up in the wild hood, as a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood, that I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person 
 Don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence, I just encourage it {c'mon 
 I laugh at the sight of death 
 As I fall down a cement flight of steps (ah) 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind, you and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out 
 I'm blowing mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now 
 {Just let it go 
 People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal 
 Teenagers' newest idol 
 C'mon do as I do 
 Go ahead get mad and do it 
 Just pull the plug! { 
 (x2) 
 Eminem: 
 My basic disk will make you take a razor into your wrist 
 Make you satanistic 
 Make you take the pistol to your face 
 And place the clip and cock it back 
 And let it go until your brains 
 Are rippin' out your skull so bad 
 To sew you back would be a waste of stitches 
 I'm not a "Role Model, " I don't wanna babysit kids 
 I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business 
 And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off 
 Where the fuck were you when Gil was payin' me to dishwash 
 I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got 
 You may be gettin' a bigger attitude than maybe Kim's got 
 And the shit's almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got 
 I know that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much 
 And Just the Two of Us 
 That ain't got shit to do with us and our personal life 
 It's just words on a mic. 
 So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig 
 But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch 
 {Just let it go 
 People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal 
 Teenagers' newest idol 
 C'mon do as I do 
 Go ahead get mad and do it 
 Just pull the plug! } 
 (x2) 
 Just do it.
 (Eminem) 
 This thing right here, its letting all the people knowm 
 What burnouts talk about. You know, The Chronic... 
 Ooh that buds look scandolous, 
 You hit it too hard you can't handle this, 
 So you smokin' that thing when you pass it to us, 
 With a look in your eyes so devious, 
 You inhale with all you got, suck it down hard till your seeing dots, 
 And your body's on the ground but your mind is not, 
 Cause your livin' la vida smoke-ah 
 Now your high as a kite (kite, kite) 
 Been tokin' all night (night, night) 
 All night long (all night long) 
 Let me hit that bong, baby, 
 That bong bo-bong bong bong 
 I like to roll a blunt ooh, 
 And smoke it in a pipe too, 
 But best of all, 
 Is that bong bo-bong bong bong 
 You know you love that Canabis, 
 So pull up a chair and come smoke with us, 
 They call me Crisqo I can bake so much, 
 I like to hot box the two of us, 
 Pu-puff kids, till its 4/20, 
 This stuff ain't cheap, I need more money, 
 Buy when I buy that green I got the best they got, 
 'Cause I'm livin' la vida smoke-ah 
 Now I'm high as kite (kite, kite) 
 I been tokin' all night (night, night) 
 All night long (all night long) 
 Let me hit that bong, baby, 
 That bong bo-bong bong bong, 
 I like to roll a blunt ooh, 
 And smoke it in a pipe too, 
 But best of all, 
 Is that bong bo-bong bong bong. 
 (Inhales, coughs)
 Just the two of us... (8X) 
 [Eminem] Baby your da-da loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin' Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you 
 C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin' - it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful? Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? 
 Just the two of us... (2X) And when we ride! Just the two of us... (2X) Just you and I! Just the two of us... (2X) And when we ride! Just the two of us... (2X) Just you and I! 
 See honey... there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And da-da's probably on his way to all of 'em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin' to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter 
 Just the two of us... (2X) And when we ride! Just the two of us... (2X) Just you and I! Just the two of us... (2X) And when we ride! Just the two of us... (2X) Just you and I! 
 Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free... One... two... free... WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more step-da-da, no more new brother Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk 
 Just the two of us... (2X) And when we ride! Just the two of us... (2X) Just you and I! Just the two of us... (2X) And when we ride! Just the two of us... (2X) Just you and I! 
 Just the two of us... (4X) 
 [Eminem] Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your da-da will always be there for you Your da-da's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Da-da will be right there Your da-da loves you I love you baby
 Iq 
 Your fakeness is atrocious 
 Post is deep in your hypnosis 
 Then focus 
 Roll this 
 And smoke this 
 Like l's 
 Of that bomb-ass herb that's guaranteed to rock bells 
 A hiphop refugee like praswell 
 Travelin citys 
 Pimpin' babblin biddys 
 Game trump tight and solidified 
 Comupterized 
 To get rid of spies 
 Know what I do to guys 
 Shootin and spittin' lies 
 I'm banished in exisdence 
 Vanishin any instences 
 Brandishin sentences 
 Proovin repentences 
 The only way to see me, don't miss these 
 Me and my crew smoke so many trees that 
 I piss leaves 
 Never _my bitch please 
 But keep smokin' my system, roll blunts it's all tight 
 On an off night 
 I still smoke like exaust pipes 
 And bust a universal flow 
 And blow your wig back like niggas with toupe's 
 Drivin' a convertable 
 And further more 
 I run the board 
 Your shit is played and the way you fell off you coulnt bounce 
 Back with a bungee cord 
 Bring your boys in 
 We can bring the noise in 
 You don't wanna fuck with dirty dozen 
 Repeat 4 times 
 Bizarre 
 My crew is like a maze 
 Put fear like ex-slaves 
 Who wanna step to this microphone and think that they brave 
 Dozen always startin the fuckin' beef 
 I don't care if your from kansas I'm killin' the fuckin' chief 
 Back the fuck up I'm releasin my dumb-dumbs 
 Tell your whore stop pagin me 9 1 1 
 I'm the star 
 That they call bizarre 
 Smokin' blunts with mel far (??) 
 In my brand new car 
 _Wanna see me 
 Even if I was in arizona I'd still request iced tea 
 Bizarre don't give a shit about you 
 On top of the mountain ain't nothin' your bitch-ass crew 
 Can do 
 Sick emcee that they call peter 
 Treat your crew like an unexpected meter 
 Reader 
 Fuckin' more shit than howard corsell 
 Butt-fuckin' jassabells 
 In nasty hotels 
 Proof 
 How you think your crew sound compared to this 
 It's the team that your entire clique scared to diss 
 Demandin attention when the glock sound 
 Y'all niggas to be murdered like jeffery daumer on lock down 
 I'm brown like bobby, pullin hoe's like whitney 
 Take your title, kill your moms so you won't forget me 
 Lips sealed nigga I might blow important plots 
 Whoever fronts is gettin' done like micheal jordan's pops 
 Sure I'm number one translator my fame dirty d 
 Y'all niggas gettin' hung like this was 1933 
 Got word of me 
 Now flee 
 Cause you don't got a chance 
 Death is 3 easy steps so now we gotta dance 
 So look away 
 Don't play 
 With the style master 
 I love killin' beef so I kill a whole cow pasture 
 Lyrically I'm sick, ill everything but sober 
 My nickel plate pack the _ jackin fool get fucked over 
 Eminem 
 Dirty dozen is the clique so I ran over and lit cha 
 Ripped the ass right out ya pants like a dovermin pincha 
 Like the cobra and ninja 
 My intentions to injure 
 And prevent ya 
 From enterin from the edge of my center 
 Or get your muthafuckin pants split at the creases 
 Fuckin' you intelectually givin' you menatly sexually transmited diseases 
 My duty is to keep a strange abard (??) 
 I guard my sector like a saint bernard 
 And this ain't the yard 
 Bringin' the noise like a trigger happy gun slinger 
 Droppin' your whole clique with one finger 
 Till none linger 
 Beware of my dogs attackin like a pack of great danes 
 Chargin like freight trains 
 Through the great plains
 If you got a sweet tooth, 
 You can taste my watermelons 
 If the swing set bores you 
 I can show you all my talents 
 I can wear a tail, like all the b-tches can't 
 You can have all this, boy! 
 And there's only one thing that I want from you 
 Come on, let me rock your bicycle 
 It's so fantastical, I'm your bicycle 
 We can get a little more physical 
 Baby, after all, it's only natural 
 Yeah, come in, come in, come in 
 Run in, run in, run in 
 Come on, let me rock your bicycle 
 It's so fantastical, I'm your bicycle 
 I want to ride my bicycle 
 I want to ride my bike 
 If the world starts freezing, I can make it hot and humid 
 If you get a bee-sting, I can suck out all the poison 
 I can make you last, like all the bitches can't 
 Have I made it clear, boy? 
 There's only one thing that I want from you 
 Come on, let me rock your bicycle 
 It's so fantastical, I'm your bicycle 
 We can get a little more physical 
 Baby, after all, it's only natural 
 Yeah, come in, come in, come in 
 Run in, run in, run in 
 Come on, let me rock your bicycle 
 It's so fantastical, I'm your bicycle 
 I'm always fucking with you 
 F-ck you for thinking it's true 
 I'm not like the things in this town 
 They make me blew in my mouth 
 I wanna ride on your bike 
 'Cause you're the boy that I like 
 It's like I oughta sell out for you 
 But your bikes are shiny and new 
 She's distracted, by my reflectors, man, I can tell the chick is attracted 
 My wheels spoke to her, my swing is a chick magnet 
 Bagging up chicks like a bag of chips 
 With a bag of prophylactics as big as Mick Jagger lips 
 Shagging's not something I'm a pro at, but I ain't practicing sh-t 
 Allen, Iverson has safe sex, condoms are for practice, man, I skip practice 
 Flip backwards while I flip this bike on its banana seat 
 My fantasy is to have you f-ck with a cast tennis 
 Got this bitch gagging, they call me the broad killer 
 I'm the cousin of Godzilla 
 'Cause I spit fire and my dick is draggin' 
 Zig zaggin' up the avenue, pulling these chicks in my antagonist 
 Waggin', screamin' 
 Come on, let me rock your bicycle 
 It's so fantastical, I'm your bicycle 
 We can get a little more physical 
 Baby, after all, it's only natural 
 Yeah, come in, come in, come in 
 Run in, run in, run in 
 Come on, let me rock your bicycle 
 It's so fantastical, I'm your bicycle 
 I want to ride my bicycle 
 I want to ride my bike
 I'm just ridin' and decidin' if I want someone to hold 
 No commitment I'm just gettin' laid, I can get 'cause 
 California, sweet California 
 Got the sunset on where we can hot it 
 Got me on a... ooh 
 Want somebody down wit your clown 
 Would you ridr around town 
 Would you let the sun hit your weed smokin' 
 Fuckin' take a shower 
 Lay down wit ya in the bed wit ya wide open 
 Got me on my back with my thighs wide open 
 I stay wet, I don't need no lotion 
 Meet me in the back of the spot love potion 
 Meet me in the sunshine stay west coastin' 
 Hit it from the side fly by sex motion 
 Do a drive by, fly high, fuck boastin' 
 Crack on mine, we merry eyed boatin' 
 In the sea fishin' 
 Beverly Hill ho, Beverly Hill pigeon 
 Beverly shoppin', Beverly men pickin' 
 Beverly hotel, Beverly sweet pimpin' 
 Compton game got Beverly men listen 
 I'm just ridin' and decidin' if I want someone to hold 
 No commitment I'm just gettin' laid, I can get 'cause 
 California, sweet California 
 Got the sunset on where we can hot it 
 Got me on a... ooh 
 Niggas wanna hit me from the where, the where 
 Spank me and pull my hair, yeah 
 Talk to me like you really care 
 Actin' all queer like you Fred Austaire 
 You think I'm stupid, don't ya 
 You think I'm a lay down and let you stick me 
 With your beat poker 
 Don't cha, mister Swiss mocha 
 You can come closer 
 You can come over 
 You can have a side on the ??? of my poster 
 Drunk or sober 
 May or October, come right over 
 Rub my shoulders, four leaf clover 
 No gun holsters, get fucked wake up with a hangover 
 Twelfth quarter nothing left when the game over 
 Wake up all alone nights get colder 
 See you the next day get a cold shoulder 
 I'm just ridin' and decidin' if I want someone to hold 
 No commitment I'm just gettin' laid, I can get 'cause 
 California, sweet California 
 Got the sunset on where we can hot it 
 Got me on a... ooh 
 Let's get it on we can meet alone 
 Get it on in the freak song 
 We can both get it on when the heat's on 
 Look, we can both do wrong 
 Spent too long, I grew too strong 
 I got full blown to guard my home 
 Got me a loan, bought me a home 
 Order mine to go, walk me a low-low 
 In the six-four, sittin' on chrome 
 Datin' ??? dipped in all gold 
 Rub with three hoes pick up three mo' 
 Buy some Indo, roll purple smoke 
 We all do the most, keep niggas close 
 Keep heat closer, avoid all vultures 
 Now to get in like we supposed ta 
 Sunshine, sunny state, California 
 I'm just ridin' and decidin' if I want someone to hold 
 No commitment I'm just gettin' laid, I can get 'cause 
 California, sweet California 
 Got the sunset on where we can hot it 
 Got me on a... ooh
 Jumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store 
 With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder 
 In Ecuador with Edward Norton 
 Witness the metamorphosis 
 Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman 
 From the Hessian war and 
 Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman 
 Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan 
 Endless source and reservoir 
 Of extension cords in dresser drawers 
 And deadbolts on the bedroom doors 
 And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin 
 Excellent boyfriend 
 Use intercourse to settle scores 
 With women who have vendettas towards men 
 Dickhead is forced in till there's shredded foreskin 
 Reddish torn and they're only bein' fed a portion 
 Bed sores and sore shins 
 Pregnant whores can get abortions 
 Fetish for stickin' metal forks in, self-absorption 
 Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor 
 A predator, I'm headed for competitors 
 Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals 
 I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store 
 Stegosaurus, Chuck Norris with a thesaurus 
 Yes, of course, a mess of warrants 
 You want some? Come and get some, boys! 
 I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course 
 On excessive force and pressure points 
 And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange 
 Dress and four inch heels to address the court 
 With a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso 
 Are left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him 
 In my present form I'm Desert Storm 
 Appetite for destruction there's no suppressant for 
 Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel 
 Unpleasant, horrible; hello, gorgeous! 
 The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus 
 Met a contortionist, said, "When you wanna get sexual?" 
 She said, "However I fit in your schedule. I'm flexible." 
 Expired tags on the Saturn, got Catherine Bach 
 In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on 
 At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph 
 For this asshole cop's daughter 
 Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it 
 He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock 
 Had a heart attack and dropped dead 
 Started fallin' back with it 
 And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock 
 One ball and half a dick, Apple Watch 
 Crack front axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff 
 Pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel 
 Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and 
 Asked if they had a laughin' stock 
 That was fuckin' stupid... 
 You got it twisted, all 'cause I offered this bitch 
 A doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic 
 Bitch, get to massagin' this dick! 
 Like spas in this bitch, slob on it with gobs of lipstick 
 Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with 
 It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with 
 She's non-existent 
 Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some suave and slick shit 
 But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches 
 Misfit, blond and nitwit 
 Like I've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit 
 Screamed, "I hate blondes," and became one, I'm optimistic 
 Love to start shit 
 Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment 
 Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx 
 I'm double parkin' up at Targets, trouble causer, a double crosser 
 Shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across 
 Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults 
 A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer 
 Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is 
 Something's off, but when Dustin Hoffman's 
 Dressin' up in your mummy costume 
 On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage," what's the problem? 
 Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status 
 Run the faucet, I'mma dunk 
 A bunch of Trump supporters underwater 
 Snuck up on 'em in Ray-Bans in a gray van with a spray tan 
 It's a wrap, like an ACE bandage 
 Don't-give-a-fuck persona, to my last DNA strand 
 E&J in the waistband, at the VMAs with the stagehand 
 She wants kielbasa, pre-arrange an escape plan 
 Three-inch blade on point, like a See-and-Say 
 Consider me a dangerous man 
 But you should be afraid of this dang candidate 
 You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet 
 'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin' 
 And that's what you wanted 
 A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button 
 Who doesn't have to answer to no one-great idea! 
 If I was president 
 Gettin' off is the first order of business 
 Once I get in office 
 Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam 
 Naked, laughin', dick cupped in hand 
 Screamin', "Fuck safe sex!" 
 Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him 
 Tell Congress I run this land 
 And I want the rubber banned, and make it snappy 
 Addiction to friction and static 
 Addict who can't escape the habit 
 Continue to chase the dragon 
 But as fate would have it, I walked up in Major Magics 
 Dressed as the maintenance man 
 In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket 
 With a gauge to blast it 
 And sped away in the station wagon 
 Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's 
 Crazy asses in the backseat 
 Throwin' Stayfree pads at me 
 Dead passenger in the passenger seat 
 Unfasten the safety latches 
 And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard 
 I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires 
 'Finna get a murder case and catch it 
 Like you threw it at me encased in plastic 
 And send Dylann Roof through the windshield of the Benz 
 Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'... 
 Like a windmiller with a thin build while his skin's peelin' 
 And skids till he hits a cement pillar 
 Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder 
 Knock it into the upper peninsula 
 You wanna go against 'zilla? The Rap God 
 When will I quit? Never been realer 
 The in-stiller of fear, not even a scintilla of doubt 
 Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla 
 Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller 
 Revenge killer, avenge syllable binge 
 Fill a syringe, till I 
 Draw first blood 
 Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular 
 Couldn't be more awkwarder 
 'Cause you're innocence I robbed you of 
 It's my fingers that got stuck up 
 Taught ya ta, not give a 
 Slapstick, hockey puck 
 The broad hunter with the sawed off 
 Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya 
 But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun 
 Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox 
 'Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I shop 
 And it's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker 
 The Rock Hudson of rock 'cause who would have thought 
 This much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter 
 That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned 
 I'm unravelin' quickly 
 My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me 
 Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey 
 Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles 
 Like what happened to Chris Reeve's spine column 
 That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems 
 Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em 
 But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles 
 And why I haven't come back on these faggots who diss me is 
 More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel 
 But my patience is wearing thin 
 Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face till I smear it in 
 Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen 
 And never appear again 
 If you actually had fuckin' careers to end 
 But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them 
 Molly, I'm gone off you 
 Man, light some kush 
 You're my first take, I'll nail you 
 Can't lie, I gush 
 If I won you over, you would be the grand prize 
 I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push 
 You can get it in the can like some Anheuser Busch 
 Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush 
 Mushed against your damn side, your puss 
 And thighs are squished 
 What kind of attire's that? 
 I'm ready to be rode 
 Psychopath, bet you we'll get it poppin' like a flat 
 Light the match to ignite the wrath 
 Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half 
 Piper Chapman's might just have to picket me 
 Like a scab 
 Hard to describe in fact 
 Startling violent perhaps 
 Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that 
 And you aren't really surprised at that 
 But as far as these lines I rap 
 And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69ed the track 
 Why am I such a dick?
 Whooooooo Shady... 
 I used to be a man but now I'm a boy I used to treat my paddleing pool like it was a toy. But know I'm a bit more older I see what it is, it's like a fucking pair on conjoint simese twins twinnnns. One Day my mother said to me "why don't you ever play outside" I used to crawl under my pool and hide I used to weath and duck to avoid her but then my friend carrington came and destroyed her, I used to this he was a dude but then he became orfully so rude. He used to say "Oi Marshell go back to bed your not wanted no more" so I packed up my pool and snuck out of my living room it was dark and fuzzy and I counldn't see a boom I looked into the window and saw christiphor reades he was taunting me and laughing at mee so I took out my pool and hit him over the head I told him to go to my house and go under my bed.
 Yo yo, this Switch-B... aka Flip... representin the TUT... n this here our love song... check it out... 
 (Switch-B) 
 Yo, 
 If I could start from scratch, I'd change most of it, 
 If you gave me your trust, I wouldn't of broken it, 
 I shoulda helped you out, back in 97', 
 Shit I wouldn't of let you go I woulda made your life heaven 
 I woulda hushed my mouth, gave my shit up, 
 I woulda minded my own business, n not let things get fucked, 
 Up, I woulda gone to church, maybe become a saint, 
 Erased this so-called picture we paint, 
 I woulda bin a soldier, no matter what shit 
 I woulda bin perfect, the man you want-ed 
 I never woulda slacked, now this is a fact 
 I never woulda rhymed, ova this track 
 If you didn't want it, I never woulda rapped, 
 But this is my life 'n' we can't change that 
 I woulda bin there, I never woulda tried 
 I would never want to live, I never woulda lied 
 I woulda changed it all back, to the past you see, 
 I never woulda let you put your fingers on me 
 I woulda let you be, keep my hands off the gun, 
 I never woulda changed, never try for number 1 
 I would never of intervened, just you 'n' your son, 
 N now I'm revelating, putting it all into a song 
 I would never of invited you to any show I did, 
 I wouldn't of wanted you to show, even though you did 
 I would never shed a tear for a girl I can't stand, 
 I never woulda back-talked, never raised a hand 
 I would never want you to think, that this shit was planned, 
 I woulda let you go, but I didn't think you'd understand 
 That we could never be together, I could never be your man, 
 But if I could turn back time I wouldn't put you through this again 
 I never woulda thought, that we could be buddies, 
 I never woulda asked for any pennies of your money 
 But its just the way you were, you were so cunning, 
 That's why I couldn't be your man, n you couldn't be my honey 
 Now I gotta start from scratch, change my whole past, 
 I'd change it all, make sure I never asked, 
 You out on a date 'cause if I knew it would never last 
 I woulda forgotten all about you 'n' erased you from the cast 
 I don't make shit up, I speak truth if I'm rapping 
 But if I could go back in time, 'us' never woulda happened 
 Baby I'm sorry 
 It all ended in a hurry 
 I didn't wanna cause no worries 
 But now I gotta leave... 
 (Konman) 
 Yo yo ayo 
 I'm fed up wid bein rejected 
 Detected, by your radar 
 You heard me and you ejected the tape 
 No there's no escape 
 I can't believe there's no one here to see my true self, all they remember of me is rape 
 I try, I fail, I sigh I lie in my bedroom waitin for another world, I sleep, I die 
 In a dream waitin for you to come and sweep me away 
 It'll never come, it's like I'm dreamin' on hennesay. 
 I'm waitin for the girl that likes me for who I am 
 And looks past the shit in my life full barrier like a dam 
 This ain't no piss take 
 Words be spillin like a lake 
 And I wouldn't give to shits if you diss this like I'm a fake 
 I'm waitin for my eyes to awake, 'cause I've just excepted this reality 
 And there is a reason why a lot of people are still mad at me 
 From year 5, year, 6 it ended at year 7 
 My trouble years, this is true like the destruction of 9/11 
 I went down the wrong path girl but I promise 
 If you take me in now, I won't make a mistake 
 Or be a misogynist.
 Cheddar, I can rip you to a shredder 
 Cheddar cheese, there's not a better MC then me 
 I'm B. Rabbit, bitch, sting like a bee 
 Float like a butterfly, what am I? 
 So what if I cut a guy? Did I stutter guy? 
 Leave you punch drunk from lunch, truck to shelter 
 You never felt the rag that held the skelta, melt ya 
 Got the belt for the welt to weight champ 
 You got in with a fake stamp 
 Garbage bag full of clothes, still pullin' hoes 
 Rip you from head to toe, from leg to bullet hole 
 Next gun, pull it slow 
 And aim at the free world before you let it go 
 Instead of oh, I just shot my dick head 
 And yes, you do gotta big head 
 I can't call it Cheddar, where's your wallet? 
 You're so drunk, you can out drink the alcoholics 
 Make them say, "Damn, Cheddar's the man 
 He needs a can surgically removed from his hand"
 You are now listening to the sounds of... Shady and... Alchemist... Alchemist... Alchemist... 
 Got an axe in the duffel bag, couple of fags, 
 Stuffed in the backseat, muzzled 'n' gagged, 
 Wrapped in bubble wrap, two lesbians ah, 
 Couple hustler mags, now grab the pez dispenser, 
 Fill it up to the max, with muscle relaxers, 
 The governor of Alaska, She lusts when I ask her, 
 To shove my polaski sausage up in her ass huh, 
 While we hover over Nebraska, 
 Shooting at the fucking buffalo pasture, 
 In the helicopter, man I can't fuck her no faster, 
 She's screaming grab my titties, shady suck on those bastards, 
 But I ain't no sucker, I won't snuggle up with her after, 
 I'm a gigolo, But Y'all look like the juggalo rapper, 
 Everyday man I just seem to get a little bit doper, 
 Shit, Back down, 
 Man I'd rather lick on a scrotum, 
 And eat the fucking octa Mom's pussy lips with some okra, 
 While I watch Whoopi Goldberg, Sizzle with Oprah, 
 While bossy pussy farts and takes a piss on the sofa, 
 Getting home and play dick swords with the Jonas... Brothers, 
 Your mother fucking mothers are roamers, Like no other, 
 I keep thinking of her smothered in soma's... 
 Its chemical warfare, Drop bombs like sadam, 
 I'm bringing the drama, Like Barrack Obama, 
 Playing rock em' sock em' robots with the Octo Mama, 
 I'm vato loco, homie I'll cock those llamas,
 You wanna start with the hook first? 
 You wanna start with the 
 Oh 
 I have no idea what I'm doing 
 I have no idea what I'm doing 
 But... 
 Everybody get up, sit up Chris-stiffer 
 Been miserable without you Superman is a 
 Live and he's flowing like the Mystic River 
 Girl don't act like you never been kissed before 
 One, two, three, four, five, six thisa 
 Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kissa 
 How did anybody ever find me I dissa 
 ...Peared 
 I was hiding in Freeway's beard jussa 
 Hop, skip and a jump from my skin glision 
 Nails into my face that I been pushin' 
 Hellraiser 
 My face is my pin cushion 
 It's like when I'm on the mic 
 I can squisha, sucka like a vice grip 
 My pen putcha, 
 In the slaughter house 'cause ya styles been butchered 
 I'll spin chainsaw 
 Take off like the blades on 
 My brain's on hyperdrive 
 Someone put the brakes on. 
 Here's a smidgen, admitted 
 To get your digits, Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it 
 Err ribbit, ribbit 
 I got ya slippin on my swag juice 
 My swag juice 
 I got you slippin on my swag juice 
 My swag juice (x2) 
 Slim is in the house simmer down there sister 
 Bound to get ya dizzy 
 'Cause he gets as busy as a... 
 Bee baby you can throw a frizbee in a blizzard 
 He'll catch it in his teeth 
 What is he? 
 He's a wizard 
 Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit 
 And I'm pretty sure it isn't Bisquick is it? 
 Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick witcha 
 I want a kiss before I blow this bitch to smith... areens 
 Get the guillotines, this is a situ... 
 ...Ation is critical as Dre spins his a 
 Turntables and he cuts a record like a scissa 
 Cheka chicka checka chicka cheka cheka chicka 
 We'll wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicka 
 Wait a minute I just dropped my necklace in the liquor 
 Now baby just a make a little breakfast and its sixa 
 Clock in the morning unless you want to get some dizzert 
 Here's a smidgen, admitted 
 To get your digits, Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it 
 Er ribbt, ribbit 
 I got ya slippin on my swag juice 
 My swag juice 
 I got you slippin on my swag juice 
 I said... 
 Here's a smidgen, admitted 
 To get your digits, Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it 
 Err ribbit, ribbit 
 I got ya slippin on my swag juice 
 My swag juice 
 I got you slippin on my swaaaag 
 My swag juice
 Eminem- 
 Yeah ... 
 Definitely definitely definitely dope... 
 Definitely definitely K-Mart 
 Yeah Yeah 
 You find me offensive 
 I find you offensive for finding me offensive 
 Hence if I should draw out a line any fences 
 If so to what extent, if any, should I go? 
 'Cause it's getting expensive 
 Being on the other side of the court room on the defensive 
 They say I cause extensive psycholgical nerve damage to the brain 
 When I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses 
 I say you're all just too god damn sensitive 
 It's censorship and it's downright blasphemous 
 Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this 
 And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither 
 And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either 
 He used to be like a hero to me 
 I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator 
 Right next to Darth Vader and Darth must have put a hex on him for later 
 I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that 
 I stuck him off in between him and Lex Luther 
 I killed Superman I killed Super... Man 
 And how ironic that I'd be the bad guy kryptonite 
 The green chronic 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you 
 Hi my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is... 
 Rain Man 
 Now in the bible it says 
 Thou shall now watch two lesbians in bed 
 Have homosexual sex 
 Unless of course you were given the consent to join in 
 Then of course it's intercourse and it bisexual sex 
 Which isn't as bad as long as you show some remorse for your actions 
 Either before, during, or after performing the act of that which 
 Is normally referred to as such more commonly known phrases 
 That are more used by today kids 
 In a more derogatory way 
 But who's to say what's fair to say and what not to say 
 Let ask Dr. Dre 
 Dr. Dre (what up?) 
 I got a question if I may (yeah) 
 Is it gay to play putt putt golf with a friend (yeah) 
 And watch his butt butt when he tees off (yeah) 
 But but I ain't done THAT 
 In football a quarterback yells out hut hut 
 While he reaches in another grown man's ass 
 Grabs on his nuts, but just what if 
 It was never meant, it was just an accident 
 But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in 
 His teeny, tiny, little, round hiney 
 And he didn't mean it but his little weenie flinched just a little bit 
 And I don't need to go into any more details 
 But what if he pictured it as a female's butt 
 Is that gay? I just need to clear things up 
 Till then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because... 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you 
 Hi my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is... 
 Rain Man 
 You find me offensive 
 I find you offensive... 
 Shit this is the same verse, I just did this 
 When am I gonna come to my good senses? 
 Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses 
 My spider senses telling me Spider-Man is nearby 
 And my plan is to get him next and open up a whoop ass canister 
 God damnit Dre where's the god damn beat (yeah) anyway 
 Anyway I don't know how else to put it 
 This is the only thing that I'm good at 
 I am the bad guy kryptonite, the green chronic 
 Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it, I got it 
 High-five Nick Lechey stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away 
 And as she flew around the room like a balloon I'd 
 Grab the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can 
 And to my headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch 
 With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich 
 And I don't even gotta make no god damn sense 
 I just did a whole song and I didn't say shitttt 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you 
 Hi my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is... 
 Rain Man
 Man, let's go 
 (Em) 
 Ayo fif' 
 Yeah 
 (Em) 
 Come on en tell 'em 
 It's time to hate us again 
 We're back 
 Haha 
 (Eminem -verse 1) 
 Jimmy can Crack Corn, but I don't care 
 My enemies Crack Corn, but I don't care 
 You can be black, white or albino, yeah 
 You can have corn rows inside your hair 
 I give a fuck if I don't like your stair 
 This bottle of wine goes upside your head 
 A little bit psycho, but I know that 
 Think we just don't say it, then I won't say it 
 See if you don't brag, then I don't brag 
 I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad 
 I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit 
 You can just keep makin' them tired old threads 
 A little bit like the boy you cried wolf, yeah 
 See me, but don't dare to try no shit 
 Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers 
 A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass 
 And I can be so quiet and strike so fast 
 Like lightning bolts right out the sky go bad 
 From outta nowhere, you might find your career 
 Come to it,... and I was like (Oh Yeah) 
 See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
 See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
 See Jimmy can Crack Corn but I don't care 
 See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here) 
 And where the fuck we goin', well like (No where) 
 (Eminem -verse 2) 
 Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but 
 I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want 
 If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice 
 If you keep comin' back, it only means you know you lost a fight 
 They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit 
 Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squase it 
 Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit 
 And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it 
 But the pride won't let 'em, inside's a 'Go get 'em' 
 And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum?' 
 We just keep winnin', by landslides oh en umm 
 Shady Limited's, in any size yo' Denim 
 To velour, even our clothing line's on fire 
 As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiyaa 
 We ain't wire your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah 
 And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars 
 But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her 
 Right in the ass with KY, Yes sir! 
 So full of joy, why am I absurd 
 Even Chingy would tell you 
 'Yeah boi don't curr' 
 See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
 See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
 See Jimmy can Crack Corn but I don't care 
 See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
 And where is G-Unit at, they're like (We over here) 
 And where the fuck we goin', well like (No where) 
 (50 Cent - verse 3) 
 Ya homie got clapped on, man I don't care 
 The cops in my Nana crib, but I'm not there 
 It is what it is dawg, man life's not fair 
 Ya friends shoulda know not to front 'round here 
 You see kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear 
 They'll strip yo ass, of your jewels, right here 
 Man and I'ma say this one time, now get this clear 
 Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where 
 A beautiful day, without drama is rare 
 Ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share 
 Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare 
 You prolly heard about me, I'm a shown up playa 
 In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor 
 Ridin', winding, dining and shining, know what I'm sayin' 
 I ain't got time for fucking around, and horseplayin' 
 I'm making hits, my homies takin' hits, who's staying 
 See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
 See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
 See Jimmy can Crack Corn but I don't care 
 See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here) 
 And where the fuck we goin', well like (No where) 
 (Em) 
 Haha 
 Yeah 
 (Em) 
 It's The Re-Up 
 Haha 
 (Em) 
 God, I love it 
 I know you hate that laugh, don't you? 
 Haha 
 Keep doing it 
 Do it again 
 (Em) 
 What...? 
 Laugh 
 (Em) 
 Oh 
 Haha! 
 I like that, haha 
 (Em) 
 Haha haha 
 Hehe 
 (Em) 
 You gonna think I'm really crazy, right?
 (Alicia Keys) 
 ...Yeah I made it 
 I'm addicted 
 (Eminem - First Verse) 
 This was a beat with no words at first, it's a blank painting 
 Exercising my mind, it's brain strength training 
 Starts off with the pain 
 Going to lengths explaining 
 Myself to myself, but I ain't great at delaying 
 The temptation and lust, the sensation's a must 
 A combination of rush and not giving a! 
 So I'm giving up 
 Back to cabinet, a couple pills 
 Take enough to chill and just feel like nothing's real 
 But satisfy my appetite, I feel like nothing will 
 So I take a couple more, why the! not? 
 I up the thrill 
 Wearing nothing but a bathrobe, got my wallet and that's it 
 Now I'm driving a back road, you could call it a bad trip 
 Act cool but I'm nervous under the surface, swerving in both lanes 
 Is this! worth it? This life is my cocaine
 Sometimes you feel tired, feel weak 
 When you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up 
 But you gotta search within you, find that inner strength 
 And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation not to give up 
 And not be a quitter no matter how bad 
 You wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse 
 Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em 
 Till the day, that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em 
 'Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pinnin' 'em 
 And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem 
 Subliminal thoughts, when Ima stop sendin' 'em 
 Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom 
 Adrenalin shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop 
 Amoxacillin's just not real enough 
 The criminal cop killin', hip-hop villain 
 A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners 
 You are comin' with me, feel it or not 
 You're gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us 
 You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock 
 Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up? 
 Fa shizzel my wizzel, this is the plot, listen up 
 You bizzels forgot, slizzel does not give a fuck 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 (Until the roof) 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 (The roof comes off) 
 Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 (Until my legs) 
 Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out 
 (Give out from underneath me) 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 Music is like magic 
 There's a certain feeling you get when you're real 
 And you spit an people are feelin' ya shit 
 This is your moment and every single minute ou spend 
 Tryin' to hold on to it, 'cause you may never get it again 
 So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can 
 And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end 
 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in 
 I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in 
 It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie 
 Andre from Outkast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me 
 But in this industry, I'm the cause of a lot of envy 
 So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me 
 That's why you see me walkin' around like nothin's bothering me 
 Even though half you people gotta fuckin' problem with me 
 You hate it but you know respect you got to give me 
 The press's wet dream like Bobby an' Whitney, Nate hit me 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 (Until the roof) 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 (The roof comes off) 
 Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 (Until my legs) 
 Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out 
 (Give out from underneath me) 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC's heart 
 What is he thinking? I'ma not to go against me, smart 
 And it's absurd how people hang on every word 
 I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve 
 But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved 
 If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first 
 'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse. 
 That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse 
 My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict 
 I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers 
 But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles 
 The fact is I would rather sit back and bump some rappers 
 So this is like a full blown attack I'm launching at 'em 
 The track is on some battling raps who want some static 
 'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters 
 A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 (Until the roof) 
 Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out 
 (The roof comes off) 
 Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 (Until my legs) 
 Till the smoke clears out and my high burns out 
 (Give out from underneath me) 
 I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse 
 Until the roof 
 Until the roof 
 The roof comes off 
 The roof comes off 
 Until my legs 
 Until my legs 
 Give out from underneath me 
 I 
 I will not fall 
 I will stand tall 
 Feels like no one could beat me
 Where's my penis? 
 I have no penis in my butt hole - there you go 
 Yeah... yo, yo 
 Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
 I have; I've been penetrated and ejaculated against 
 Rammin' shafts up my faggot ass, look at my brass 
 Ever since class I've been suckin' off my teachers to pass 
 All this cum motion unloadin' run deep as ocean's explodin' 
 Nut keeps splashin' from faggots just suck 'em off and keep goin' 
 Nut-takin' bummer I'm known as to every one in my region 
 Keep stickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' cocks in the evenin' 
 Leaves me with a taste as sour as seminal in my mouth 
 See they can bugger me, but y'all never figured me out 
 Look at me now; you know I got a dick in me now. 
 Blame my momma? 
 She was the fattest slut in the house! 
 I'm sorry momma! 
 I never meant to hurt you! 
 I never meant to make you cry; but tonight 
 I'm comin' out my closet (one more time) 
 I said I'm sorry momma! 
 I never meant to hurt you! 
 I never meant to make you cry; but tonight 
 I'm comin' out my closet 
 Ha! I got some vibrators in my closet 
 And I don't know if no one knows it 
 So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it 
 I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '83 
 Before I ever had to worry about the HIV 
 I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months 
 My faggot father used to put his willy up in my bum 
 'Cause he split, my anal cherry then he came in my eye 
 And lookin' back on it all now I fuckin' wish I could die 
 I look at gays, see, and try to picture their bare behinds 
 Even if I hated men, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try 
 To make it work with 'em, at least for papa's sake 
 He maybe made some mistakes 
 But he's the only gay who taught me everything that I know today 
 What he did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb 
 But the smartest shit he did was put a condom on his king dong 
 Cause he'da killed me; shit he woulda shot cum in my throat 
 It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Batty Boy Show" 
 Now I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition 
 Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissin' 
 But put yourself in my position; just try to envision 
 Witnessin' your momma gobblin' Mormon missionaries in the kitchen 
 Bitchin' that someone's always pullin' down her drawers and clit's itchin' 
 Goin' through public whorehouse systems, victim of crack-controlled pimpin' 
 My whole life I was made to believe I was straight when I wasn't 
 Till I grew up, now I do what you did, I'm sick to my stomach 
 Guzzlin' it 
 Wasn't it the reason you gave that VD to me MA? 
 So you can try but can't deny the way you treated me MA? 
 But guess what? You're gettin' Alzheimer's now, brain dead and alone too 
 And your care home security's gettin' lax, you're gonna know when I bone you 
 My asshole's gettin' so big now; you should see it, it's beautiful 
 But you'll never see it - till I shit on you at your funeral! 
 See what hurts me the most is when I take cocks that are long 
 Rips through my thong - keep tellin' myself it's all 'cause'a mom! 
 But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get 
 You selfish bitch; I fought fuckin' long and hard for these dicks 
 Remember when Elton came out gay and you said you're glad it's not me? 
 Well guess what, I +AM+ gay - gay as a faggot can be! 
 Repeat Chorus (2x) till end
 Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old 
 Fed up with life and the way things are going 
 He decides to rob a liquor store 
 ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") 
 But, on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart 
 And suddenly, his conscience comes into play 
 ("Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this") 
 Alright, stop 
 (Huh?) 
 Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store 
 And try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence 
 (But who are you?) 
 I'm your motherfuckin' conscience 
 That's nonsense 
 Go, in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blond wigs 
 Tell her you need a place to stay 
 You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns 
 Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch 
 Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? 
 Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? 
 Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? 
 Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it 
 (You're right) 
 Not over this shit, drop the biscuit 
 (Stop, I will) 
 Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you 
 (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude) 
 ("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute") 
 ("Mm, I don't know") 
 ("Look baby") 
 ("Damn") 
 ("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?") 
 ("Well okay") 
 Meet Stan, twenty-one years old 
 ("Give me a kiss") 
 After meeting a young girl at a rave party 
 Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom 
 Once again, his conscience comes into play 
 ("Shit") 
 Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek 
 And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe 
 (Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old) 
 (You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) 
 Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? 
 (Uh, huh) 
 Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare 
 'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there 
 (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie kids?) 
 No, but I seen the porno with sun doobiest 
 (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) 
 Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail 
 Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker 
 After coming home from a hard day's work 
 He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
 To find his wife in bed with another man 
 ("What the fuck? [unverified]?") 
 ("Grady") 
 Alright calm down, relax, start breathin' 
 Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin' 
 While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off? 
 Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off 
 Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit? 
 (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?) 
 Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
 Okay, thought about it, still wanna stab her? 
 Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 What'chu say? 
 (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?) 
 I'ma kill you motherfucker 
 Uh, ah Temper temper 
 Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? 
 Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? 
 How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that, aw fuck it 
 What am I sayin'? Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?
 I stand in slapped by the wind as I begin 
 Do you know who I am? And many reply with a grin 
 Yes, I'm tired of being obtruded 
 Why should I be secluded? I've got a brand new horn to be tooted 
 To sum it up in a nutshell, "Eminem will you kick it for me?" 
 So I find myself in a certain obligatory 
 A place that I dwell in, fell into some wonderful productions 
 To make up for lost time, and then it brings obstruction 
 Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile 
 A mental projectile, I aim at the reptile 
 I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this 
 "Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus?" 
 Is there a reason for this? The hindrance is aggravating 
 How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading? 
 Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead 
 There's so much more to learn and pages left to be read 
 So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor 
 While I hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor 
 Words can weigh a ton 
 Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one 
 (Scratched samples) - "Yeah", "It's another 
 Very few have made an attempt to put in a foot on the other side 
 But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind 
 And some will probably never hold pieces of the sacred 
 But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred 
 Wrong, the world would never endure to arguing 
 Awaking to the absence of unity is startling 
 "Oh foolish pride, what the hell are you trying to do? 
 You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to" 
 Your echoing words that mean nothing are despicable 
 So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable 
 You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless faceless 
 Damn, you're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this 
 Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles 
 The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverance of a starchild 
 Blessed with formidable talent and versatility 
 But with such a power, there comes a responsibilty 
 To infringe on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear 
 To form an alliance is something even the giants fear 
 So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin 
 Refusal of usin' is accepted now it's a trend 
 (Scratched samples) - "Yeah", "It's another..." 
 (Eminem) 
 You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along 
 You hate me but you know me and what I stand for 
 No. so then why do you speak for me 
 And every other white man when you that we're your enemy? 
 On the floor lies a broken door, 'cause I'm not to be spoken for 
 Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore 
 Rarely do you see the lighter side of me 
 I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry 
 But ? is isolated, apologies are exhausted 
 Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted 
 Who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted 
 Switch to the opposite, now scenes are being re-enacted 
 Pull up that boy by his roots, destroy him quick 
 His fracture's obviating, we hate him, his patterns past us, huh 
 Always fighting for the position of top dog 
 That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog 
 'Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine 
 But I'm always having to prove myself, time after time 
 Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast 
 Judged from the past and he's put last 
 And others with nothing to say 
 Stutterin' and slurrin' and mutterin' words with no meaning attack be signin' like Danny Kaye 
 Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin 
 And eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please 
 I've got a craving
 A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions 
 A lot of people think that what I say on records 
 Or what I talk about on a record 
 That I actually do it in real life or that I believe in it 
 Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody, that 
 I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it 
 Well, shit if you believe that then I'll kill you 
 You know why? 'Cause I'm a 
 Criminal 
 Criminal 
 You goddamn right 
 I'm a criminal 
 Yeah, I'm a criminal 
 My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge 
 That'll stab you in the head whether you're a fag or lez 
 Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest 
 Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's, "Yes" 
 Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic 
 Starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' 
 That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em 
 They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get a hold of 'em 
 Hey, it's me, Versace 
 Whops, somebody shot me! 
 And I was just checkin' the mail 
 Get it? Checkin' the 'male'? 
 How many records you expectin' to sell 
 After your second LP sends you directly to jail? 
 C'mon, relax guy, I like gay men 
 Right, Ken? Give me an Amen 
 Amen 
 Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus 
 Heal this child, help us destroy these demons 
 Oh, and please send me a brand new car 
 And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital 
 Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher 
 You can't reach me, my mom can't neither 
 You can't teach me a goddamn thing 
 'Cause I watch TV and Comcast cable 
 And you ain't able to stop these thoughts 
 You can't stop me from toppin' these charts 
 And you can't stop me from droppin' each March 
 With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards 
 Who? 
 And to think, it's just little ol' me 
 Mr. "Don't Give A Fuck" still won't leave 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin' 
 I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 I don't gotta say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin' 
 I don't take shit from no one 
 My mother did drugs, tar, liquor, cigarettes and speed 
 The baby came out, disfigured, ligaments indeed 
 It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she 
 Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me 
 I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed 
 But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised? 
 So as I got older and I got a lot taller 
 My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger 
 I drink malt liquor to fuck you up quicker 
 Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word 
 My morals went when the president got oral sex 
 In his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee 
 Now don't ignore me, you won't avoid me 
 You can't miss me, I'm white 
 Blonde-haired and my nose is pointy 
 I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die 
 In plane crashes and laughs 
 As long as it ain't happened to him 
 Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined 
 The maniac's in 
 Replacin' the doctor 'cause Dre couldn't make it today 
 He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place 
 Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face 
 Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place 
 I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away 
 I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? 
 I'm a criminal 
 Aight look 
 Uh huh 
 Just go up in that motherfucker 
 Get the motherfuckin' money 
 And get the fuck up outta there 
 Aight 
 I'll be right here waitin' on you 
 Aight 
 Yo, Em 
 What? 
 Don't kill nobody this time 
 Aw right, goddamn, fuck 
 Hi 
 How you doin'? 
 How can I help you? 
 Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal 
 Okay 
 Put the fuckin' money in the bag, bitch 
 And I won't kill you 
 What? Oh my God, don't kill me 
 I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit lookin' around 
 Just don't kill me, I have two kids at home 
 I said, I'm not gonna fuckin' kill you 
 Don't kill me 
 Hurry the fuck up 
 Thank you 
 Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it 
 So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it 
 So I'll be disguised in it 
 And if anybody identifies the guy in it 
 I'll hide for five minutes 
 Come back, shoot the eyewitness 
 Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business 
 Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets 
 This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet 
 If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts 
 Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck 
 You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough 
 To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut 
 Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up 
 To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass 
 And if it's not a rapper that I make it as 
 I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 But I don't gotta say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin' 
 I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 I don't gotta say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin' 
 I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 I don't gotta say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin' 
 I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal 
 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal 
 I don't gotta say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin' 
 I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal
 50 Cent: Sh-sh-sh-shady 
 Aftermath, haha 
 G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha 
 Chorus: 'Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Eminem: Get your ass up for the doctor 
 One more time, get your ass up for the doctor 
 Come on now, here we go 
 Cliff hanger, it's another club banger 
 Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat 
 Get on down 
 Dr. Dre: Times up, games over, you lose, I win 
 'Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here 
 Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin 
 Look who's got you goin' crazy again 
 I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in 
 I go out and just come back full circle again 
 You a fad, that means your something that we already had 
 But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad 
 Eminem: You're off the map now, radar can't even find you 
 We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you 
 You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you 
 We walk around just playin' the violin behind you 
 Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin' 
 Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention 
 Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond 
 World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin' 
 Chorus: 'Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Eminem: When Dr. Dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk 
 Crunk, crunk, crunk 
 And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump 
 Jump, jump, jump, jump 
 Dr. Dre: The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it 
 I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches 
 Eminem: We keep the party rockin' off the henges 
 We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus 
 Dr. Dre: But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk 
 Doc is all washed up, knock it off 
 Who the fuck is Doc impressin' 
 Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression 
 You must be on the cock of Doc, 'cause Doc left you all guessin' 
 So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what) 
 We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump) 
 That's why we always save the best cut last 
 To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass 
 Eminem: 'Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators 
 Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers 
 Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap 
 Maybe raised to be racist 
 Who may have never got to see our faces 
 Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages 
 Broke down barriers of language and races 
 Just call on the cape crusaders 
 And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic 
 And we can play the back and forth all day 
 Like the hot potato game, that's why we came to 
 Chorus: 'Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Eminem: 50 cent, come on! 
 50 Cent: Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do 
 We make the club jump everywhere we go 
 It's no secret, everybody know 
 When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved 
 Dr. Dre: And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees 
 Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's 
 All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally 
 Eminem: Hands up for the grand finale 
 Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak 
 Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week 
 Dr. Dre: You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to 
 Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker 
 Eminem: So never say never 'cause Shady Aftermath together 
 Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady) 
 No one could do it better 
 We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh 
 Chorus: 'Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without 
 At least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Eminem: Yeah, haha 
 Still Aftermath, 2006 
 And don't worry about that Detox album 
 It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha 
 50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre 
 We ain't leavin', let's go haha 
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace! 
 Oh shit, I almost forgot 
 You're comin' with me [gun shot] 
 Haha, bye bye![gun shot]
 And even if I found you under my bed, id just scream to death 'cause I'm sensitive id just knock you out dead (BANG) DEEEEEEEAAAAAAAADDDDDDDD 'cause two MCs just shot me three times (3 shots) 
 (2x) 
 (Eminem) 
 I woke up in a skateboard park in 98' Slapped any pros and screaming:THIS is MY PARK!MINE! 
 (Bizarre) 
 No it isn't you must have gotten in the wrong time limit of your mind you're really in the backstage shootin dre--look at him hes about to get hissin all over the controls smackin three marshall mathers CDs at poles--Buyin skulls tapin them to J Bass he just wants to think about the D12 project--today's the day he just wants to get out of the room and tell his bro to sweep the stage with a broom--i don't know why they laugh about the Slim shady EP cause its just a ten song album that the whole world wants to see! 
 (Eminem) 
 Slim shady and dre... 
 Slim shady and dre... 
 Slim shady and dre... 
 Slim shady and dre... 
 (Kon artis) 
 Don't even thinka bout smackin da controls on my night with Satan yo!
 Eminem: 
 I'm gonna kill this bitch 
 I'm'a kill him 
 I'm going to fucking jail 
 'Cause I'm gonna kill this bitch 
 Dave: 
 Yo man 
 Eminem: 
 What 
 Dave: 
 I don't know 
 I gotta really really bad feelin' about this 
 Eminem: 
 Man would you shut the fuck up dave you always gotta bad feelin' man 
 That's her car right there 
 Dave: 
 Aight let me park 
 Eminem: 
 Just park 
 Dave: 
 I'm parkin! 
 Eminem: 
 Turn the car off dogg 
 Dave: 
 Aight 
 Eminem: 
 Aight we wait 
 Dave: 
 We wait for what 
 Eminem: 
 We wait till she comes out and then I'm gonna fuckin' kill her 
 Dave: 
 Man you ain't gonna kill no one 
 What the fuck did you bring that for 
 Eminem: 
 Man shut the fuck up dog 
 Just shut up, the fuckin' clip is empty 
 Dave: 
 Man don't point that shit at me 
 Eminem: 
 It's not even loaded bitch, look 
 Dave: 
 Dude, god I fuckin' hate it when you do that shit 
 Eminem: 
 Yeah but its funny as fuck 
 Dave: 
 Muthafucka I'm gonna kill you one of these days I swear 
 Eminem: 
 Gets you every time 
 Is that her? 
 Dave: 
 Where? 
 Eminem: 
 Right there mothafucka 
 Dave: 
 Ooh yeah 
 Eminem: 
 Aight get down get down 
 Dave: 
 Fuck, what you doing to her? 
 Eminem: 
 Get Down! 
 Dave: 
 What the fuck you want me to get under the car? 
 Eminem: 
 Yo, who she walkin' with 
 Dave: 
 How the fuck am I suppose to know, you told me to duck down 
 Eminem: 
 It's the fuckin' bouncer 
 Did she just kiss him 
 Dave: 
 I don't think so 
 Eminem: 
 Dogg she just fucken kissed him 
 Dave: 
 No she didn't 
 Eminem: 
 She's kissin' him 
 Dave: 
 No she's not 
 Eminem: Gets out car 
 Dave: 
 Oh shit 
 Eminem: 
 Come on 
 Screaming and Running
 (Puff) Bad Boy baby 
 (Big) Yeah... yeah... 
 Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah... 
 (Puff) Yeah... B.I.G. 2000 
 B.I.G. 2000 Born Again... c'mon... 
 Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. 
 The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on 
 You're dead wrong 
 The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on 
 You're dead wrong 
 (Notorious B.I.G.) 
 Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke 
 Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke 
 Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer 
 The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers 
 Hail Mary full of grace... smack the bitch in the face; 
 Take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
 Off her back, jab her if she act 
 Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey 
 I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper 
 The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors" 
 Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho 
 Swift fist like Camacho, I got so 
 Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics 
 Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up 
 Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure 
 Then fuck your moms, hit the skins till amnesia 
 She don't remember shit! Just the two hits! 
 Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits! 
 Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick 
 And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick 
 I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown 
 I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around" 
 Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G" 
 Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong) 
 Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) 
 (Notorious B.I.G.) 
 When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard 
 Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted 
 Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh 
 Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it 
 Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G 
 Disrespect me - my potency is deadly 
 I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes 
 Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy 
 Slit the wrist of little sis 
 After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick 
 Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back 
 But Smalls don't get down like that 
 Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom 
 Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound 
 Who you think you're dealin' with? 
 Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it! 
 Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy 
 Stab ya till you're gushy, so please don't push... me 
 I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen 
 The black demon, got the little hookers screamin 
 Because you know I love it young, fresh and green 
 With no hair in between, know what I mean? 
 Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) 
 (Puff) Ladies and gentlemen... 
 (Eminem) 
 There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads, 
 Human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism 
 Animals havin' sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits 
 But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just, 
 Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh 
 And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh 
 I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin', I got a 'nan in my pocket 
 And baby I'm just, dyin' to cock him 
 He's ready for war, I'm ready for war 
 I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw 
 My uz's, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before 
 I just din' have as large an arsenal of weapons before 
 Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor 
 With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall 
 Red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore 
 Met on the second, wed on the third; 
 And she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong 
 Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) 
 Chorus repeats to fade... 
 (Puff Daddy) 
 Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop
 Dear *Marshall*, 
 I just wanna start out by saying 
 I still love you 
 Even when I was pregnant with you 
 It was very hard for me 
 So many times of torture was worth every minute of it 
 'Cause when I looked in to those big blue eyes 
 This was the first time I had ever felt true love 
 In my whole life 
 We have a problem Marshall 
 The past two years... something really went wrong 
 I was so excited about your success yet so let down by your 
 Betrayal 
 Playing the role of both mom and dad must of taken a toll on you 
 More than I ever imagined 
 *Marshall*, I did the best I could 
 I went without seeking half 
 It was wrong of me and I see it now as giving you everything 
 And never questioning anything you ever did 
 As you were perfect in my eyes 
 My unconditional love created a spoiled young man 
 An angry one too 
 Now before god and everyone I must apologize 'cause at the time 
 I thought it was the right thing to do 
 I'm tortured daily *Marshall* by people always asking me where 
 Such an angry young man ... 
 Being the only role model in your life, of course they're gonna 
 Blame me 
 The demeaning me needs to stop and I speak for lots of mothers 
 The words really hurt and they cut like a knife 
 But there's no way to mend a bleedin heart 
 If not for my friends who ave been there for me and yes 
 *Marshall* they really truly care 
 I pray some day your not going to be alone and you'll have friends like 
 Me... and they won't be there just for your fame 
 And no more attacks on me 
 And vicious acts of heat 'cause it really hurts 
 Will the real Marshall Mathers please stand up? 
 And take responsibility for his actions 
 And I'm gonna close this *Marsh* by saying 
 It's not too late for change 
 And always sincerely your only mother
 Tonight's the night I get in some shit [Yeah] 
 Deep cover on the incognito tip. 
 Killin' motherfuckers if I have to 
 Peelin' caps too cause you niggas know I'm comin' at you. 
 I guess that's part of the game 
 But I feel for the nigger who thinks he just gonna come and chance 
 Things 
 With the swiftness so get it right with the quickness 
 And let me handle my business yo. 
 I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop 
 Until I get the nigger maxin' at the top. 
 I hope you get his ass before he drops. 
 Kingpin kickin' back while his workers sling his rocks. 
 Coming up like a fat rat. 
 Big money, big cars, big body guards on his back. 
 So it's difficult to get him. 
 But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact 
 With 
 Him. 
 Hit him like this and like that, 
 Let 'em know that I'll make it for a big fat dope sack 
 What is this pen? so let's rush it. 
 If you want to handle it tonight we'll discuss it 
 On the nigga's time, in the nigga's place, 
 Take a strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face. 
 'Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker, 
 But I gives a fuck, 'cause I'm going deep cover. 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Creep with me as I crawl through the hood, 
 Maniac, lunatic, call 'em Snoop Eastwood 
 Kickin' dust as I bust fuck peace 
 And, the mothafuckin' drug police 
 You already know I gives a fuck about a cop 
 So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop 
 Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do 
 Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue 
 Dre, (whatup, Snoop) yo I got the feelin' 
 Tonight's the night like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin' 
 Killin', feelin', no remorse, yeah 
 So lets go straight to the motherfuckin' source 
 And see what we can find 
 Crooked ass cops that be gettin' niggaz a gang of times 
 And now they want to make a deal with me 
 Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me 
 And make my pockets bigger 
 They want to meet with me tonight at 7:00, so whassup nigger? 
 What you want to do? (What you want to do?) 
 I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin' 22 
 So if you want to blast, nigga we can buck 'em 
 If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Six fo' five was the time on the clock, 
 When me and my homey bailed in the parking lot. 
 The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up 
 Better not be, 'cause if it is, they're getting lit up. 
 Oh here they come from the back and they laxed. 
 I'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so what's up black? 
 Chill, lets hit a deal, if it ain't up to what you feel then grab your 
 Steel. 
 Right, so, what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with? 
 Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip. 
 Cause you can save that shit. Guess what they told me? 
 'We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey, 
 We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush, 
 Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us." 
 Hmmm, let me think about it 
 Turned my back and grabbed my gat and guess what I told him before I 
 Shot 
 It: 
 'If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah, I'm lettin' my gat 
 Pop' 
 'Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop
 Yo, alright, yo 
 I'm possessed by evil demons that torture me while I'm sleeping 
 I keep dreaming of death and I'm hearing people screaming 
 The devil's spirit's trapped inside me and I want it out 
 I'm on the couch bleeding to death in a haunted house 
 With both of my wrists slit, I'm lifted up in the air 
 And suspended in animation like someone's holding me there 
 I feel somebody's cold hands wrapping around my neck 
 While I choke on my own blood that I swallow and drown to death 
 But I found a breath and somehow managed to slip the clutches 
 Nearly blacking out from dizziness and head rushes 
 Tripping over OD'd bodies of dead lushes 
 Bloodstains paint the plush carpet like red blushes 
 Door's open and close by themselves, books fly off shelves 
 Curtains catch fire, the house melts 
 My skin blisters and sticks together like twin sisters 
 The wind blows and shatters windows like ten twisters 
 Caught a piece of shrapnel in the Adam's apple 
 Two cups of holy water and I'm looking at 'em half full 
 But as soon as I go to touch 'em they turn into red rum 
 It got silent, then all these voices said 
 "Come follow me into the pits of Hell" 
 I heard 'em yell "Welcome to the Norman Bates Motel!" 
 I ring the bell for service and I was greeted by his mother 
 Covered in dry blood, head still dented from the shovel 
 I said I need a room so I could try to get some rest 
 She gave me the keys to the best suite and a bag of cess 
 And told me that's just for starters, Satan'll be in to see me later 
 To see if I'm interested in being partners
 spoken: 
 Nah. Fuck an intro man, let's just go 
 I come around like what goes around 
 What goes up must come down 
 Anyone who comes up must go down 
 Might as well go for the gusto now 
 Better not let up, better not let them breathe 
 Last shot, give it all you got 
 Try to turn me down, bitch? Get fucked 
 With the volume knob. Fuck all you snobs 
 Hoes, I hope all you rot 
 Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box 
 Of condoms, is that all you brought? 
 And you want a mnage  trois, you twats? 
 Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club 
 'To a bar room brawl. Get rowdy as 
 Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall 
 Like a leech stuck in a vacuum, ya'll ain't 
 Nuttin', but a whole lot of suckin' goin' on 
 In rap. Yeah, but I'm home 
 Bad to the bone, back in the zone. Let him 
 Alone, you don't wanna go eggin' him on 
 It'll never be my chair that you own 
 Crown so tight that it cuts off 
 Circulation to the brain: no oxygen 
 Other words, there's no heir to the throne 
 When I die so does hip-hop 
 Hitchcock get her shit bitch ass, Doc got it 
 Ziplocked in a bag. You fags ain't been able 
 To fade me since Kid Rock had a high-top 
 Keep bloggin' while I'm mind bogglin' 
 'N I zone like I'm in the twilight. Dog, get 
 Off my bone, this is my mic, doggone 
 'N I like hoggin' it! Flow so 
 Wet, I'ma take this beat tobogganin' 
 I'm waterloggin' it 
 I'm soggin' it. Pull your verse out 
 The beat and stomp on it. Suplexin' it 
 On cement, like I'm on some straight outta 
 Compton shit. Take this dick and 
 Chomp on it. I'm so bad I can bitch 
 Slap a backhanded compliment 
 Jackass, eat a donkey dick 
 The game, I just about conquered it 
 Like Donkey Kong, I'm bonkers bitch 
 I'm the king of this honky shit. I reign 
 Supreme in this honky shit. No sense 
 Screamin' and arguing. Makes no 
 Difference whether a Benz or Bentley 
 Or a Beamer's the car you in 
 You think you ball? Well, I palm it. I throw up bombs when I vomit 
 Boy, I throw down in the kitchen, might hit your mom with my omelet 
 But you got egg on your face. Now watch me drop an atomic 
 I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze. Bitch, I'm as bat shit 
 As Ozzy, it's obvious. You can tell right off the "bat" 
 No pun intended, but come any closer, I'll bite off your head 
 Tryina give me the finger's kinda like givin' a spider the web 
 I'm just gonna spin it, and try to use it to my advantage 
 I catch a fly in that bitch. You think you fly? You're just food 
 I give as much of a flying fuck as that Superman dude 
 Guess I just do what you can't do, or make you look stupid and bamboozled 
 Confused as usual. And you can get ripped; she can open a can, too 
 But you better hope you can handle the heat, or stay the fuck outta hell's kitchen 
 I came to cock-block, like a square fuckin' male chicken 
 Yeah. It's Shady, slut, the rest can suck on that big one 
 'Cause I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin' 
 spoken: 
 Haha, Recovery
 (Chorus - Eminem) 
 Where's my gangstas and all my thugs? 
 Throw them hands up and show some love 
 And I Welcome you to Detroit City 
 I said welcome to Detroit City 
 Every place everywhere we go 
 Man we deep everywhere we roll 
 Ask around and they all know Tricky 
 That's what's good man they all say Tricky 
 (Verse 1 ] [ Eminem) 
 Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room 
 You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch 
 Let me hear you holla Good Squad in this bitch 
 Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch 
 So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me 
 And the situation gets a little sticky 
 I'ma dial 911 like a mufuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla 
 I'ma call that rude boi from Detroit Trick Trick 
 Quick come pick me up, bring them guns 
 Come to the club, meet me out front 
 There's some chump up in this bitch 
 Poppin' some junk 'cause he's drunk 
 And we may have to fuck his ass up 
 Cause uh somethin' smells a lil fishy 
 And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me 
 So homie come get me, Shut up boys what up though I see you 
 Rock Bottom, yeah I see you, all my Detroit people 
 Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky 
 Detroit mufuckas till we die 
 (Chorus - Eminem) 
 Where's my gangstas and all my thugs? 
 Throw them hands up and show some love 
 And I Welcome you to Detroit City 
 I said welcome to Detroit City 
 Every place everywhere we go 
 Man we deep everywhere we roll 
 Ask around and they all know Tricky 
 That's what's good man they all say Tricky 
 (Verse 2 ] [ Trick Trick) 
 Homie it's been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that 
 Marshall call me 50 ??? and laced the track 
 This the beat you hear it bangin', he produced it himself 
 My bad almost forgot to introduce myself 
 My name is Trick Trick, head of the Good Squad 
 And gangsta, been bangin' the underground since 95 we're bangin' 
 Elected to be the villain, and certified a menace 
 Holdin' it down since I paroled, up outta prison 
 You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me 
 All the treacherous, evil deeds of the D you ever see 
 Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame 
 I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain 
 Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that 
 A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap 
 And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out 
 Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house 
 (Chorus - Eminem) 
 Where's my gangstas and all my thugs? 
 Throw them hands up and show some love 
 And I Welcome you to Detroit City 
 I said welcome to Detroit City 
 Every place everywhere we go 
 Man we deep everywhere we roll 
 Ask around and they all know Tricky 
 That's what's good man they all say Tricky 
 (Verse 3 ] [ Trick Trick) 
 Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it 
 >From now on every beef that you get in homie I'm in it 
 I been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right 
 I been whippin' on mothafuckas for the longest time 
 So its evident, its time for Trick to get it fast 
 The public, see they appreciate my criminal past 
 Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up 
 Got a fanbase that's bigger than an average star 
 I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine 
 And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes 
 I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can feel me 
 Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me 
 So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga 
 He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner 
 So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace the love 
 And beat the hell outta anyone that fucks with us 
 (Chorus - Eminem) 
 Where's my gangstas and all my thugs? 
 Throw them hands up and show some love 
 And I Welcome you to Detroit City 
 I said welcome to Detroit City 
 Every place everywhere we go 
 Man we deep everywhere we roll 
 Ask around and they all know Tricky 
 That's what's good man they all say Tricky 
 (Outro ] [ Trick Trick) 
 Yeah. Trick Trick 
 Eminem, Wonder boy, Shady 
 It's goin' down baby 
 Ayo Em I got your back my nigga 
 Damn right I said my nigga 
 That's my nigga 
 Tricky
 Eminem 
 I roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone 
 This bed's empty without you 
 You said you're moving on 
 But I'm having some trouble getting there 
 But dwelling ain't getting me, uh, anywhere 
 Fuckin' Valentine's Day 
 Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere 
 Machete on the floor, I smashed up every mirror 
 Yeah, how do I look? 
 You fuckin' just left me here to die didn't you? 
 Why didn't you respond yet? 
 I've written you five or six different times and 
 I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apologizing to you 
 I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through 
 This couldn't be true, we can't be over 
 So violets are blue, roses are red 
 Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you? 
 Kobe 
 Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
 I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light 
 Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
 Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 
 Eminem 
 Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back 
 Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you 
 So I'm findin' something the matter with them 
 Excuse to not see anyone 
 Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol 
 I get bold like bowling balls 
 Grow balls and go to call to talk, forget what I want to say 
 Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman 
 I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak 
 It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains 
 Like birthday cake candles 
 Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake 
 Can't escape the madness 
 Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song 
 But I can't even change the station 
 The same one's playin' on eight channels 
 I lay awake in shambles, I'm startin to hallucinate 
 I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes 
 In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I 
 Kobe 
 Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
 I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light 
 Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
 Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 
 Give me one more, bottle for the pain 
 Give me one more for the memories 
 Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak 
 It'll help alleviate 
 It'll soothe this ache 
 Of trying to fake 
 That she's really, she's really coming back 
 Eminem 
 And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how 
 Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love 
 I'm still in denial now, dealing with the finality of 
 And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent 
 And how I'll never hold you again 
 And there ain't shit I can do about it 
 Now my head is overcrowded 
 With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it 
 And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably 
 Knowing what you done did to me, huh? 
 Did it even occur to you that I loved you? 
 Completely, deep, and madly head over heels for you 
 Was you and me, once used to be together forever 
 It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream 
 We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much 
 When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I 
 Kobe 
 Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
 I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light 
 Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
 Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone
 They ask me am I ok? 
 They ask me if I'm happy 
 Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me? 
 Or am I just a little snappy 
 And they genuinely care 
 Doody, most of my life it's just been me and you there 
 And I continuosly stare at pictures of you 
 I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do 
 Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me 
 What the fuck good does that do me now? 
 But somehow I know you're near me in presence 
 Oh I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them 
 Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little 
 And dawg you'll never believe this 
 But Sharonda actually talks to me now 
 Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces 
 Man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us 
 They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different 
 If it's true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you 
 Difficult as it sounds... 
 Doody, that's what we call each other 
 I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us 
 We was always brothers 
 Never thought about each others' skin colors 
 Till one day we was walking up the block in the summer 
 It was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn 
 Tryna walk under the trees 
 Just to give me some comfort 
 I'm moaning I just wanna get home 
 When I look over and your shirt is off 
 I'm like you gonna fry and like 
 "No I won't, I'm black stupid 
 And black people they got melatonin 
 In their skin, we don't burn" 
 Meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt 
 Like I'm on fire 
 And the entire time you're just laughing at me 
 And snapping at me with your shirt, bastard 
 And I still have to get you back for that shit 
 And by the way them playboy rings 
 My mother stole from you 
 Well Nate finally got 'em back 
 Shit it must have been at least 16 years ago 
 Well I put 'em in your cask - ah 
 Moving past it, it still ain't registered yet 
 But you can bet your legacy they'll never forget 
 The motor city motown 
 Hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads 
 It don't stop there 
 Yeah, as difficult as it sounds... 
 And this may sound a little strange but I'ma tell it 
 I found that jacket that you left at my wedding 
 And I picked it up to smell it 
 I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass 
 And hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it 
 And as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap 
 It feels like our General just fucking died in our lap 
 We shut off all our pages, 
 All our cell numbers has changed 
 Our two-ways are in the trash 
 So some cats will have to find a new way 
 And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today 
 But the truth is there all still here and you ain't 
 Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressing on 
 Don't ever give up the dream dawg 
 I got love for you all 
 And Doody, it's true you bought people together who never 
 Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you 
 You were the peacemaker Doody 
 I know sometimes you were moody 
 But you hated confrontation 
 And truly hated the feuding 
 But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping 
 If it had to happen, it had to happen 
 Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to 
 Throw them balls back on Dresden 
 From making cars to paintballing 
 Getting arrested 
 To sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting 
 They tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question 
 I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up 
 Didn't show up for court 
 So we got off on a technicality, left sweating 
 Me, you and what's his face 
 I forgot his fucking name 
 Shame he even came to your funeral 
 He betrayed our team 
 And if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fucking face 
 And that's on Hailie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name 
 I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air 
 For you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54 
 Just before we were supposed to get in cars 
 To come and see you once more 
 Difficult as it sounds...
 (Eminem) 
 Yo! Turn that click off' 
 My music is theraputic 
 But its also provin 
 That it can put you in the mood to 
 Jump out your car while it's movin 
 You been waitin' on this moment 
 My sermon is like a omen 
 I'm servin' I'm Erick Sermon 
 I saw the window was open 
 And I jumped through it 
 My shit if you don't get pumped to it 
 I quit, here's my rhyme book 
 Go ahead and thumb through it 
 And pick what you want from it 
 Rummage, and find something 
 You can use to jump someone 
 And roll up bumpin 
 I'm constantly copin' over you 
 Squattin', shit has gotten to the point 
 Where I ain't even writin' no more, I'm just jottin' 
 This is chicken scratch, shit is sickenin' 
 I've been kickin' ass off bullshit 
 Throwaway rhymes, pick a batch 
 I live for the love of rap, you crazy 
 I've made beats for Jay-Z for free 
 Page me, you need a beat, you Cannabis 
 Then it's Dre's fee, you Kay Slay the fees waved 
 I stay beefin' with JD, till the day Dre 2-ways me 
 That it's okay to stop blazin' him 
 Oops! I put it out, I apologize now 
 It's too late G, it's on tape 
 And the tape leaped, "Say What You Say" mothafucka 
 Drama King, Kay Slay, mothafucka, We dictate these mixtapes mothafucka 
 Xzibit blaze little gay midget cocksucka 
 (Xzibit) 
 Ladies and Gentlemen! 
 This is dedicated to the man we all love to hate 
 Tattoo a.k.a The Leprechaun a.k.a. Mr. Jermaine Dupri 
 Come on ladies and gentlemen, sing a long 
 {Randy Newman - Short People Sample) 
 (Short people got) What! (no reason) Yeah! 
 (Short people got) What! (no reason) Come On! 
 (Short people got no reason to live) 
 Haha fuckin' faggot... 
 (Xzibit) 
 If ya So So Def than bitch get a hearing aid 
 Ain't worth ya gauge ya heart pumping lemonade 
 Hook, line and sinker ya took the bait 
 Act ya age, not ya size, not ya weight 
 Every time you professional making hits 
 Why it always gotta sound like the next men shit? 
 Went from Big to Puff to Snoop to Jay 
 Hey Jermaine who's dick you gon' ride today? 
 Couldn't wait to get the green light from Dr. Dre 
 Never liked ya fuckin' ass any goddamn way 
 And I could care less if we label mates 
 Your style been dead Columbians should drop the weight 
 I got love for Da Brat get off Bow Wow back 
 Fuck you, fuck ya niggas that's writing ya raps 
 What up lo get ya L.A. pass revoked 
 Don't get me wrong Papa Smurf you won't get smoked 
 But ya might get robbed and choked 
 Or you might disappear, kidnapped with no ransom note 
 Off the leash, off the hook, off the chain 
 Fuck Jermaine you ain't gotta say my name 
 Speak now or forever hold a dick in ya mouth 
 You ain't the mayor, you don't run shit in the South 
 Scarface run the South motherfucker you will be on 
 The underage bitch in the Kelly tape getting pee'd on 
 Cock-eyed midget with a Napoleon complex 
 Nickelodeon fetish you represent nonsense 
 Harlem Shake to that, high jump to hell 
 You the best in the business, I can't tell 
 Too late to apologize kiss my ass 
 We about to cut your whole sound scan in half 
 Got to keep your hands up homie protect yo'self 
 Stop fucking with the West nigga respect yo'self 
 It's a short ride to the top and a long way down 
 Look Man vs. Machine about to drop now 
 This ain't no beef it's more like lunch meat 
 Loss caliber heat let's take it to the street muh'fucker 
 Ha ha... ha ha... ha ha... ha ha ha ha ha ha... ha ha ha ha ha ha 
 Oh my god... yeah, yeah
 (Eminem) 
 Damn, why don't you ever go away, huh? 
 We need to stop this shit 
 And relize what you spit 
 It's meaningless garbage 
 To shake some ass and tits 
 Don't act like ur sick and imma gonna repect u 
 And leave hip hop alone 
 Go promote wack rap, Cool? 
 (Eminem) 
 When I turn on the radio, I get nauseous 
 Annoy your commercial garbage, And make sure I turn it off quick 
 U make me so sick, It's pointless to even diss 
 But I do it for the lute and MP3 page hiss 
 I try to teach kids 
 But their steady rocking, Eyes bopping heads to Ludacris 
 Swearing that he's nice, Come on he sounds like the newest sensation 
 To get the party dancing, And bitches asses shakin 
 Making hits faking quick, aching like you sick 
 I'll slap you with your own ryhme 
 O there's your greatest hit 
 Lazy kids with dope beats, And alot of blabling 
 In reality you get beat like Eric ? battleing 
 But it's not your fault completely 
 I blame promoters to, hyping up your CD when they got 34 interludes 
 Companies lute you, 'Cause ur making them lute 
 But when your one hit wares out, They'll drop you for good, your replaceable 
 Pretend you like Hip Hop, That's a no no! 
 Show your appreciation donate a Volvo 
 O no, That be to much to ask 
 Actin' like alaskins with that rented ice you flash 
 I'll come down to your street carrying burners 
 Now your block is hot! hot! 
 Like a heat contained thermos 
 Your nerves now 
 I see your eyes twitching, doing drags to females 
 Coming out sounding like bitches 
 Retards spitting disses 
 A bunch of carbincopyies 
 You must of failed the road test, Learning how to write beats 
 My street, only bumps but it's unreleashed 
 Fuck self reclamed kings of hip hop, There all weak 
 My ryhme shines brighter then any ice you rock 
 Ryhming in the hook 9 times, ? 
 Lame ducks running on stage with makeup, It's crazy to us 
 Real MC's take and get big cuts, Your finshed 
 Stop this shit 
 And relize what you spit 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits 
 Don't act like ur sick and I'm gonna repect u 
 And leave hip hop alone 
 Go promote wack rap fool 
 Stop this shit 
 And relize what you spit 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits 
 Don't act like ur sick and I'm gonna repect u 
 And leave hip hop for me 
 Go promote wack rap fool 
 Stop this shit 
 And relize what you spit 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits 
 Don't act like ur sick you'll be out of fasion quick 
 Leave hip hop alone, you annoying piece of shit
 (Ja Rule) 
 Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut 
 So what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up? 
 (Eminem - (Hailie Jade)) 
 Hahaaaa, Yeah, come on 
 G G G G G-Unit 
 Hailie (What??) 
 Come here baby 
 Bring daddy his oscar (ok) 
 Were gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass (hehehe) 
 (Swifty) 
 I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple 
 I put the Murder Inc with lead and I'm not talking about a pencil 
 Look at what the fuck you dun got into 
 I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral 
 Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong 
 You but the E before the D because that's all you on 
 You on Pac's dick (bitch) you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by 
 All you do is cry bitch keep it real life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills 
 And what kind of mothafucker ruins 3 deals that another nigga got you they didn't see skills 
 And I ain't playing you're a brother getting cheated 
 And Ja Rule be praying on his cover 'cause he need it 
 And you niggas hating shut your mouths 
 It's just the real niggas ain't buying that shit you put out 
 (Obie) 
 Doe Rae Me but we don't sing motherfuckers 
 So Murda Inc do your thing motherfuckers 
 You unleased on a team who expects nothing less then RnB coming from that regime 
 Regime is a little extreme neck to neck with soldiers motherfucking marines 
 Ja sold his soul to sing we have witnessed teen on the TV screen chase the dream 
 Now that you embrace the green don't fuck with the triple beams 
 You's a muther fucking actor slash Pac impersonating rapper 
 Slash Billy Holiday how it happen? 
 Artists with repituares saw him in action, Pac's assassination 
 Def jam grabbed him, told him reinact him you'll go platinum 
 They seen it for sure I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins 
 Reinacting her boy saw him click clacking his toy 
 Match and destroy Shady slash Aftermath in detroit motherfucker 
 (Eminem) 
 Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da 
 Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot 
 Mama say mama sa Macosaca 
 Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
 Doe Rae Me 'cause we're hot and you're not 
 Going at me is the only shot you got 
 Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
 You can get popped after all that shit you pop 
 (Kon Artis) 
 Now we can skip past the mean mugs, get to the slugs 
 To grievence and the crying and intimate hugs 
 We don't take you serious nigga you shook, 
 You're half of a half wieght crook nigga get off X dick go sing a hook nigga 
 And you can't replace the late great one and when you're gone you'll only be the late fake one 
 Nigga please stick the script before the guns stick to the clip 
 And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch, fucking old ass ignorant innocent looking senior citizen 
 Built up slap you like renisanse sicitive wait a minute hold on 
 Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on 
 A bitch made man now how you gonna connect 
 With them short ass arms like a Tyranasaurous Rex 
 You niggas can scream, holla and curse and go ahead and respond 
 Pull that pen and pad up out of your purse 
 (Proof) 
 Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas 
 He told me to let loose and spit at the ganstas 
 What up gotti were in this little war you pushed on 
 Put your ear to the ground for stucky and bush stones 
 What's wrong? didn't think were strong with real niggas 
 Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us 
 This real witness y'all ain't caught the concept 
 You're talking non sense to walking bomb threats 
 Contacts were blown by Benzetta in the Source 
 Threatning at the boss you're gonna see me on your porch 
 Now Irv got the nerse to try serve on us 
 But Detroit niggas curve and they stirs to bust 
 (Kuniva) 
 Do I gotta get my nigga bugz, punks like you get beat up 
 Stomped unconscience and smacked with the heater 
 This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils 
 With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina 
 Who's behind ya? Caddillac, Pac or that transvestite that dress like a Lil Kim Fox 
 Your just like a little wind box when I press tight on the trigger of this glock 
 That's right on the little shit you got left to help you eat 
 You not Pac's songs without laws will help you sleep 
 You got shot in your video trying to mock pac your mockavelli get your own identity 
 (Eminem) 
 Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da 
 (Don't EVER say my lil girls name in a song again) 
 Don't play me cause your washed up, lost your spot 
 Mama say mama sa Macosaca 
 (Fucking punk pussy, BITCH!) 
 Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
 Doe Rae Me 'cause we're hot and you're not 
 (I'm'a fuck you up boy) 
 Going at me is the only shot you got 
 (Never again in your mother fucking life) 
 Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac 
 (Gonna shoot the shit outa you little fucking midgits, Hailie will whip your mother fucking asses) 
 You can get popped after all that shit you pop 
 (Obie Trice) 
 Yeah, that's right motherfuckers 
 Shady Records, what you know about? 
 Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule 
 Nigga, this is Obie Trice right here talkin' to you mother fuckers 
 Ja Rule punk ass yeah 
 Fuck his soul for real ass 
 Nigga that's soul, that's the nigga from 'soul for real' 
 Candy rain ass nigga you got a deal now you rappin' 
 You don't know us, faggot ass mother fuckers 
 Give money to all my real niggas 
 Obie Trice, D12, G-Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Hahahaha 
 (Hailie) Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me? 
 (Eminem) No honey you guys are the same size
 These ideas are nightmares for white parents 
 Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings 
 Like whatever they say has no bearing 
 It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing 
 To see him walking around with his headphones blaring 
 Alone in his own zone cold, and he don't care 
 He's a problem child, what bothers him all comes out 
 When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out 
 'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out 
 But if he ever saw him again, he'd prolly knock him out 
 His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back 
 Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap 
 He sags his pants, Do rags and a stocking cap 
 His step-father hit him so he socked him back 
 And broke his nose, his house is a broken home 
 There's no control, he just lets his emotions go 
 Come on... 
 Sing with me, sing for the year 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
 Sing with me, just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away 
 Entertainment is changing, intertwining with gangsters 
 In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum 
 Only you're unholy, only have one homey 
 Only this gun, lonely, 'cause don't anyone know me 
 But everybody just feels like they can relate 
 I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great 
 Or they can be degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate 
 It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make 
 Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum 
 Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? 
 From standin' on corners and porches just rappin' 
 To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass 
 But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you 
 Fans turn on you, attorney's all wanna turn at you 
 To get their hands on every dime you have 
 They want you to lose your mind every time you mad 
 So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon 
 Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns 
 That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me 
 Strictly just to get me offa these streets quickly 
 But all their kids be listen'n to me religiously 
 So I'm signing cds while police fingerprint me 
 They're for the judges daughter, but his grudge is against me 
 If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense, B' 
 It's all political, if my music is literal and I'm a criminal, 
 How the fuck can I raise a little girl? 
 I couldn't. I wouldn't be fit to 
 You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! 
 Sing with me, sing for the year 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
 Sing with me, just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away 
 They say music can alter moods and talk to you 
 But can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? 
 Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude 
 Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued 
 See what these kids do, is hear about us toting pistols 
 And they want to get one, 'cause they think the shit's cool 
 Not knowin' we're really just protectin' ourselves 
 We entertainers; of course this shit's affecting our selves 
 You ignoramus. but music is reflection of self 
 We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail 
 It's fucked up ain't it, how we can come from practically nothin' 
 To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted 
 It's why we sing for these kids that don't have a thing 
 Except for a dream and a fucking rap magazine 
 Who post pinup pictures on their walls all day long 
 Idolize their favorite rappers and know all they songs 
 Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives 
 So they sit and they cry at night, wishing they die 
 Till they throw on a rap record, and they sit and they vibe 
 We're nothing to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes 
 That's why we seize the moment, and try to freeze it and own it 
 Squeeze it and hold it, 'cause we consider these minutes golden 
 And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone 
 Just let our spirits live on, through the lyrics that you hear in our songs 
 And we can 
 Sing with me, sing for the year 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
 Sing with me, just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away 
 Sing with me, sing for the year 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
 Sing with me, just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
 Yeah...(laughter)...whoooo... shit (a'ight) hmmm, whoa, hmm ...eeee 
 Guess what? eweee, 
 (I'm not coming in yet) dodoodo, (I'm coming in) in a minute 
 (Hey yo), ummmm, (a'ight), (this is my love song), (Hey Yo), 
 Hey yeaaa, (aight), (It goes like this...), (a'ight) 
 Back when Mark Wallberg was marky mark 
 This is how we used to make the party start 
 We used to... mix in with bacardi dark 
 And when it... kicks in you can hardly talk 
 And by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl 
 And you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf 
 And my pre-...diction is that you gon probably fall 
 Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall 
 And every-... things spinnin your beginning to think women are swimmin in 
 Pink linen and in the sink 
 Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished 
 You are now allowed to officially slap bitches 
 You have the right to remain violent and start wildin 
 Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyein' you 
 Get in the car and start it and start drivin' 
 Over the island and cause a 42 car pile up 
 Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this planet sir, 
 No sign of it all I could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and I'm 
 So high that I might die if I go by it. 
 Let me out of this place I'm outta place, I'm in in outter space, 
 I've just vanished without a trace. I'm going to a pretty place 
 Now where the flowers grow, I'll be back in an hour or so. 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa-o-o) 
 Something keeps pullin on my sleeve (whoa-o-o) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa-o-o) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa-o-o) 
 'Cause every time I try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say (whoa-o-o) 
 Is drug's really gotta hold of me 
 In third grade all I used to do, was sniff glue 
 Through a tube and play rubix cube 
 Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude 
 Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs 
 I got no game, and every face looks the same 
 They got no name, so I don't need game to play 
 I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want, 
 Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want 
 However I do show some respect to few 
 This ecstacy has got me standin next to you 
 Gettin' sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you 
 We just met, but I think I'm in love wit you 
 But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too, 
 Wake up in the morning like "What the fuck we do?" 
 I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do, 
 'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you 
 But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna catch up sooner or later 
 But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy, 
 Let that X destroy your spinal chord, so it's not a straight line no more 
 So we walk around lookin' like some wind-up dolls, 
 Shit stickin out of our backs like a dinosaur, 
 Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more, 
 So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more 
 That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow it all 
 Wallow and drown in your sorrow 
 And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again 
 What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it 
 And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and what's a little fight, 
 Tomorrow you'll be boys again 
 It's your life, live it however you wanna 
 Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up? 
 It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin' 
 'Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin' 
 They tell you to stop but you just sit there and yawn, even though you wake up 
 Feelin' like shit every mornin. 
 But your young, you got a lot of drugs to do, girls to screw, 
 Parties to crash, sucks to be you 
 If I could take it all back now I wouldn't, I woulda did more shit that 
 People said that I shouldn't 
 But I'm all grown up now, and upgraded 
 And graduated to better drugs and updated 
 But I still gotta a lot of growin' up to do, 
 I still gotta whole lot of throwin' up to spew 
 But when it's all said and done I'll be 40 
 Before I know it wit a 40 on the porch tellin' stories 
 With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap, 
 Babysitting for Hailey, while Hailey's out gettin' smashed. 
 Drugs really gotta hold of me 
 Really got a hold of me 
 Drugs really gotta hold of me 
 They really got a hold of me
 They ask me am I ok? 
 They ask me if I'm happy? 
 They been asking me that cause' the shit that's been thrown at me. 
 Or am I jus' A lil snappy, an they genuinely care. 
 Dudey, most of my life it's been jus me an you there! 
 An I continuously stare at pictures of you, I never got to say I love you jus as much as I wanted to but I do. 
 Yeah I say it now an you can here me, what - the - fuck - good does that do me now... but somehow I know you near me now, your presents all ??????????????? 
 ... Two little beautiful boys of yours tryna ease the minds a lil ...
 (Stan:) 
 Dear eminem is your mother is a slob or do you have to see me in public... 
 (50 Cent) 
 Ooh, now she's scared.now she's scared because I didn't let you know--(WHAT?!) oh now she's putting the ----- on me do you think I have to-----on you??! 
 (Jeff Bass) 
 D12 beat me up in the bathroom but do you---or do I have to pull this out and end my misery??! or do I have to---
 Oh, all around the World, 
 There's an echo 
 As he takes a bow 
 And they all know all the girls, the boys 
 They chase the noise 
 Through the highs and through the lows 
 They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo 
 They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo 
 (Royce) 
 Classical poems 
 Battle my own demons 
 I need a glass of Patron 
 Bad as I need a horn 
 Stabbing my clavicle bone 
 I'm at it or prone 
 First time I seen a dessert eagle 
 I was letting the 44 buss 
 The 44 pop 
 First time you seen one, you was eating coco puffs 
 Looking at Robocop 
 I'm not a man, I'm a logo, I'm sustain 
 In order to clean my things you need saline 
 I'm never referring to the solution 
 I'm talking about more like the mustang vroom 
 Get respect from the get-go, hello 
 Set to the echo, pyscho 
 Pen got a mind of its own, gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise 
 I'll probably vibe out to a nine minute song 
 As the echo follows the Maserati 
 As the petrol swallows, 
 I'm a thousand bodies away from a skeleton 
 Check your bible inside it, it will say this guys an elephant 
 I'm fly like I'm, killing the scene like I'm a villain with wings 
 I'll sleep when I'm 6 feet deep, 
 Right now I'm living a dream 
 Though we may be reckless 
 The ladies check us 
 They whisper Shady records 
 Baby echo 
 Oh, all around the World, 
 There's an echo 
 As he takes a bow 
 And they all know all the girls, the boys 
 They chase the noise 
 Through the highs and through the lows 
 They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo 
 They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo 
 (Eminem) 
 I can hear them calling, calling, calling, calling, calling 
 I eat rappers with the rhyme, consume 'em 
 The only fucking thing that you consume is time 
 I'm super human, my world is like a Rubiks cube 
 It's too complex girl, you assuming, cupids looming 
 My mentality's caveman stupid woman 
 My life is Truman show, all I have is music hoe 
 I stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago 
 So pretend my dick is a balloon and blow 
 Cause you better put a fork in it if you think I'mma lay here just spooning yo 
 Oh you think you the shit 'cause I just said you was beautiful 
 Diabolical, till the last molecule, down to my last hair follicle and cuticle 
 Rotten to the core, to the bunghole all the way down... 
 To my sock and the hair on my toe 
 Learn how to sew, so shut my own booty hole 
 'Cause I ain't took no sh-t since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow 
 I told these stupid hoes when I come back I'mma set this bitch on fire 
 And this time I mean Imma pour gasoline on some chick and light her 
 Cause this time muthafuckers I'm put my whole God-damn dick inside her 
 I ain't even put my tip in that hoe yet 
 I'ma go get TIP and try to rip it wider 
 Oh, all around the World, 
 There's an echo 
 As he takes a bow 
 And they all know all the girls, the boys 
 They chase the noise 
 Through the highs and through the lows 
 They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo 
 They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
 *After shoutouts and talking* 
 (Eminem) 
 Peace to Thirstin Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth 
 My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth 
 I'm just a nerd cursed, wit badly disturbed nerves 
 Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first? 
 Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer earth 
 So I'm here to rule the planet, startin wit your turf 
 I hid a secret message inside of a wordsearch 
 Wit smeard letters, runnin' together in blurred spurts 
 I hang wit male chauvinist pigs and perverts 
 Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts 
 Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerber's 
 My first words were "Bleep bleep" and "Curse curse" 
 Never had ish, and I still don't deserve dirt 
 My breath still stinks and I'm on my third Certs 
 Yankin out my stitches, hollering "Nurse nurse!" 
 "You said this shot would numb it, trick it just hurts worse!" 
 Grew up in a dump next door to a burnt church 
 But gunshots drowned out crickets and bird chirps 
 And it's like that, and it's like that 
 (Evidence) 
 Got no apathy 
 Yo I Platform my strategy, mix words in alchemy 
 Evidence, I won't get caught shot on the balcony 
 Between you and I, I'll tell you here's the diff 
 Gun to your head, you're dead, pointblank I shapeshift 
 That's right, to dear/deer, anelope, or owl 
 In life, use your potential, or Steve Howe 
 I'm about to call it quits, yo too much weight'll break your rack mount 
 The man'll make you move, yo so make your move a backout 
 You say I use my name too much as a clutch 
 Try holdin' on to beat instead of pushin on your crutch 
 Flipped it backwards, Evidence attack nerds off the head 
 Steadfast, right or left, don't matter see you comin' 
 Deaf/Def like Leppards, pop the piece, I be the sheppard 
 Causin the herd, the name is Ev absurd 
 Verbs get flipped, it's like this, yo acronyms and all that 
 Methaphor imagery, you claimin metaphors and spittin' similies 
 Not havin' It, the name is Evidence 
 Like Pos. K gibbin the life thinkin' of stabbin it 
 Skills prevail you possess, take no offense 
 But don't profess lies within your mind, tempt and stress 
 (Iriscience) 
 It's like uh-oh-oh 
 It's Dilated Peoples on the Wake Up Show-uh-oh 
 We kick a lick or some for the radio-uh-oh 
 Yo CaTashTrophic like Rico *fades out*
 Yo! Turn that click off... 
 My music is soothing 
 But its also been provin 
 That it can put you in the mood to 
 Jump out your car while it's movin 
 You been waitin' on this moment 
 My sermon is like a omen 
 I'm servin' I'm Erick Sermon 
 I saw the window was open 
 And I jumped through it 
 My shit if you don't get pumped to it 
 I quit, here's my rhyme book 
 Go ahead and thumb through it 
 And pick what you want from it 
 Rummage, and find something 
 You can use to jump someone 
 And roll up bumpin 
 I'm constantly copin' over you 
 Squattin', shit has gotten to the point 
 Where I ain't even writin' no more, I'm just jottin' 
 This is chicken scratch, shit is sickenin' 
 I've been kickin' ass off bullshit 
 Throwaway rhymes, pick a batch 
 I live for the love of rap, you crazy 
 I've made beats for Jay-Z for free 
 Page me, you need a beat, you Cannabis 
 Then it's Dre's fee, you Kay Slay the fees waved 
 I stay beefin' with JD, till the day Dre 2-ways me 
 That it's okay to stop blazin' him 
 Oops! I put it out, I apologize now 
 It's too late G, it's on tape 
 And the tape leaped, "Say What You Say" mothafucka 
 Drama King, Kay Slay, mothafucka, We dictate these mixtapes mothafucka 
 Xzibit blaze little gay midget cocksucka
 Artist: Tony Touch f/ Eminem 
 (Eminem) 
 If I'm elected for ten terms 
 I'm renewing the staff after the inagural 
 And hiring all girls as interns 
 If I don't like you, I'll snatch you outta your mic booth 
 While you're rappin' and pull your right through the window and fight you 
 I'll take you straight to the pavement 
 Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet 
 Like a razor that shaved it 
 Three drinks and I'm ready to flash 
 Runnin' on stage in a G-string, wit a bee sting on my ass (Look!) 
 It's probably all 'cause I ain't awkward at all 
 I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall 
 And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawl 
 (Hop in the car little girl, I just bought you a doll) 
 The Bad and Evil movement is comin' 
 Plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach 
 I write a rhyme a day 
 So it's no wonder how come your whole album 
 Is soundin like a bunch of shit that I would say 
 Whether it's one verse or one letter 
 I'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever 
 It's Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it's only us 
 The rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit Monie Love
 Met a retarded kid named greg, with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the head with the peg 
 Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty 
 Mix it with alka seltzer and formula 44-d 
 Forget an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Wait until it absorbed and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said case closed end of discussion 
 We blowing up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and dramas 
 Cross the bombest 
 We blowing up your house 
 Killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas 
 I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus's 
 'Cause I ain't making no more threats 
 I'm doing drive-bys in tinted corvettes 
 On Vietnam war vets 
 I am more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more 
 Because I smoked crack today, yesterday, 
 And the day before sabateur 
 Walk the block with a Labrador 
 Strapped with more straps than el salvador 
 Foul style galore 
 Verbal cow manure 
 Coming together like an eyebrow on al b. sure
 Mmm, You high baby? Yeah, oh yeah? 
 Talk to me, you want me to tell you somethin'? 
 Uh-huh, I know what you want to hear 
 I know you want me baby, I think I want you too 
 (I think I love you baby) 
 I think I love you too, I'm here to save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world, I want to grow together 
 Let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby, you know I want you too 
 They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you 
 I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world 
 (Ooh boy, you drive me crazy) 
 Bitch, you make me hurl 
 They call me Superman 
 Leap tall hoes in a single bound, I'm single now 
 Got no ring on this finger now 
 I'd never let another chick bring me down 
 In a relationship, save it bitch 
 Babysit? You make me sick 
 Superman ain't savin' shit 
 Girl, you can jump on Shady's dick 
 Straight from the hip, cut to the chase 
 I tell a motherfuckin 
 slut to her face 
 Play no games, say no names 
 Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face 
 I'm a different man, kiss my ass 
 Kiss my lips, bitch why ask? 
 Kiss my dick, get my cash? 
 I'd rather have you whip my ass 
 Don't put out, I'll put you out 
 Won't get out, I'll push you out 
 Puss blew out, poppin' shit 
 Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out 
 Am I too nice to buy you ice? 
 Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life 
 What you tryin' to be my new wife? 
 What you Mariah? Fly through twice 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches, they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 'Til then just sit your drunk ass 
 On that fuckin' runway ho 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
 Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes 
 It's no secret, everybody knows 
 Yeah we fucked, bitch so what? 
 That's about as far as your buddy goes 
 We'll be friends, I'll call you again 
 I'll chase you around every bar you attend 
 Never know what kind of car I'll be in 
 We'll see how much you'll be partyin' then 
 You don't want that, neither do I 
 I don't want to flip when I see you with guys 
 Too much pride, between you and I 
 Not a jealous man but females lie 
 But I guess that's just what sluts do 
 How could it ever be just us two? 
 I'd never love you enough to trust you 
 We just met and I just fucked you 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches, they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 'Til then just sit your drunk ass 
 On that fuckin' runway ho 
 I know you want me baby, I think I want you too 
 (I think I love you baby) 
 I think I love you too, I'm here to save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world, I want to grow together 
 Let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby, you know I want you too 
 They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you 
 I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world 
 (Ooh boy, you drive me crazy) 
 Bitch, you make me hurl 
 First thing you say, "I'm not fazed 
 I hang around big stars all day 
 I don't see what the big deal is anyway 
 You're just plain old Marshall to me" 
 Ooh yeah girl, run that game 
 Hailie Jade? I love that name 
 Love that tattoo, what's that say? 
 Rot in pieces? Uh, that's great 
 First off you don't know Marshall 
 At all so don't grow partial 
 That's ammo for my arsenal 
 I'll slap you off that bar stool 
 There goes another lawsuit 
 Leave hand prints all across you 
 Good Lordy whodi 
 You must be gone off that water bottle 
 You want what you can't have 
 Ooh girl, that's too damn bad 
 Don't touch what you can't grab 
 End up with two backhands 
 Put anthrax on a Tampax 
 And slap you 'til you can't stand 
 Girl you just blew your chance 
 Don't mean to ruin your plans 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches, they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 'Til then just sit your drunk ass 
 On that fuckin' runway ho 
 I know you want me baby, I think I want you too 
 (I think I love you baby) 
 I think I love you too, I'm here to save you girl 
 Come be in Shady's world, I want to grow together 
 Let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby, you know I want you too 
 They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you 
 I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world 
 (Ooh boy, you drive me crazy) 
 Bitch, you make me hurl 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
 'Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
 (Talking: Obie Trice) 
 New shit Obie Trice, Eminem 
 Get familiar wit it 
 (Verse 1: Obie Trice) 
 Obie the person that came up and deverted 
 Cause of nervousness 
 That was solely the homie's verdict 
 It was worth it 
 'Cause he changed, became so I observed it 
 Certain such of a purpose 
 It's like a different version 
 So much hurtin' and pain 
 Gave him game for certain 
 That's why its curtains at his murder if you get him worked up 
 I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher 
 Had enough of 
 Isolating myself in a room 
 Writing poems for songs doin' the same in school 
 Now look what he became a fool 
 'Cause he learned how to sustain his two 
 And obtain fame from you 
 Living hard but still Julliard 
 A god walks and ain't spent a day in a pew 
 Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents 
 So welcome to the art department 
 (Verse 2: Eminem) 
 I stimulate the brain mimick 
 Emulate the sane 
 Sick of people thinkin' it's a fuckin' mimick when it ain't 
 Clinically insane 
 Brain is on Venus 
 Suck your anus (Uranus) 
 Label me a genius if you ever seen as you would say 
 He may seem as though hes plain normal 
 If you ever meet him greet him with a shake see he ain't as mean as what they say 
 See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say so hes vague 
 So they mistake him for just bein' crazed 
 You don't think hes strange 
 You turn around and tell him please and thanks 
 And catch him flippin' you off with his pants down 
 Hands around 
 His Scrotum tuckin' his fuckin' Penis between his legs 
 (Talking: Eminem) 
 This is Shade 45 
 You know how motherfuckin' serious this shit is? 
 This shit is so motherfuckin' serious
 spoken: 
 Come on girls 
 Do you believe in love? 
 'Cause I got something to say about it 
 And it goes something like this 
 Don't go for second best baby 
 Put your love to the test 
 You know, you know, you've got to 
 Make him express how he feels 
 And maybe then you'll know your love is real 
 You don't need diamond rings 
 Or eighteen karat gold 
 Fancy cars that go very fast 
 You know they never last, no, no 
 What you need is a big strong hand 
 To lift you to your higher ground 
 Make you feel like a queen on a throne 
 Make him love you till you can't come down 
 (You'll never come down) 
 Long stem roses are the way to your heart 
 But he needs to start with your head 
 Satin sheets are very romantic 
 What happens when you're not in bed 
 You deserve the best in life 
 So if the time isn't right then move on 
 Second best is never enough 
 You'll do much better baby on your own 
 (Baby on your own) 
 Express yourself 
 (You've got to make him) 
 Express himself 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey 
 So if you want it right now, make him show you how 
 Express what he's got, oh baby ready or not 
 Intermediate: 
 And when you're gone he might regret it 
 Think about the love he once had 
 Try to carry on, but he just won't get it 
 He'll be back on his knees 
 To express himself 
 (You've got to make him) 
 Express himself 
 Hey hey 
 What you need is a big strong hand 
 To lift you to your higher ground 
 Make you feel like a queen on a throne 
 Make him love you till you can't come down 
 (You'll never come down) 
 (Intermediate) 
 So please 
 Express yourself 
 (You've got to make him) 
 Express himself 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey 
 So if you want it right now, make him show you how 
 Express what he's got, oh baby ready or not 
 Express yourself 
 (You've got to make him) 
 So you can respect yourself 
 Hey, hey 
 So if you want it right now, then make him show you how 
 Express what he's got, oh baby ready or not
 In Love I just wanna hold my baby high above 
 I want this hand in its rightful glove 
 Have people saying god damn she's fine 
 Me responding with damn right she's mine 
 Even though you're gone, I try and carry on 
 Its sad but its true, me and you 
 Were through 
 But people still think they know us and they don't know shit 
 But I want you to know I'm sorry and I still love you britt 
 But now I've come to see, our destiny will never fit 
 And that's why now I look back being once lost then found 
 It's getting tougher with you not around 
 Your the only thing that got me to smile 
 I guess our love was a truthful denile 
 Sometimes I remenice at what we had 
 Not knowin' I was causing my baby to be sad 
 I never once tried to cause you this pain 
 Its crazy how one person can make you go insane 
 Ill admit me and you we had our bad times 
 We fought, yeah but people act like it's a fuckin' crime 
 No couples perfect, everyone faces bullshit 
 All I ever tried was to show you I loved you britt 
 But its sad cause the image I portray the pieces don't fit 
 All this time how could it be, my destiny will never be you and me 
 But I wish people could see, how much I'm so crazy 
 In love with you, its true I wish it was still me and you 
 Doin' what we use to do, I wish they really knew 
 And I wish theyd know id never let anything bad happened to you 
 I got your back to the fullest, baby nems one to stay truest 
 But times were tough, and shit got rough 
 Every other day same shit breakin up and we fought 
 But just know britt my rhymes are true 
 Britt please know ill forever Love you 
 It just sucks cause there's a few out there that got Nems back 
 People always tellin' me get your fuckin' life on track 
 But in order to do that I need you back 
 And that's why you don't know what you got till its gone 
 I'm so sorry that our love was always off and on...
 (Royal Flush) 
 She was sweetest young thing in this life 
 Had two kids and worked nights, never had shit, but we ate right 
 And slept tight, my daddy's livin' the bad life 
 Used to come home nights and beat on his wife 
 I was too young to really understand about life 
 Used to cry a lot, hopin that my father get shot 
 Plus he sniff a lot (What that nigga beef about every fuckin' day?) 
 My brother said something got to make him stop 
 'Cause mommy go to hard for every little thing we got 
 It was a stress and pain, had a young child, goin' insane 
 Until one day, he slapped my brother right in the face 
 And my mother started running all over the place 
 I went downstairs and grab the nine from the safe 
 Went back upstairs and put the shit right in his face 
 What up now daddy, I shot him in the face and smiled loud 
 Now her body froze, lookin' at my father die slow 
 She can't believe it though, started screamin baby don't go 
 He said two words, and breath went dead and blood fled 
 My face turned red, couldn't understand what I did 
 Brother scared as shit, losin my mind, my moms flip 
 Tears from my eye drip, I grabbed her tightly and kissed 
 I said we miss him, but no longer do we go through this shit 
 So when the cops come, I'm the one that let off the gun 
 Only thing I'm askin, when I get a visit, you come 
 Tell my brother 'bout the story, right now, he too young 
 'Cause he can't figure out the things that we've been through 
 The lifestyles that's goin' on now, life is so wild
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 First verse, uh 
 I'm on till I'm on a island 
 My life's ridin' on the Autobahn on autopilot 
 Before I touch dirt, I'll kill you all with kindness 
 I kill ya, my natural persona's much worse 
 You've been warned if you've been born or if you can form 
 Slap up a cop and then snatch I'm out of his uniform 
 Leave him wit' his socks, hard bottoms and bloomers on 
 And hang him by his balls from the horn of a unicorn 
 Y'all niggas' intellect mad slow, y'all fags know 
 Claimin' you bangin', you flamin' 
 Bet you could light your own cigarette witcha asshole 
 Me and Shady deaded the past, so that basically resurrected my cashflow 
 I might rap tight as the snatch of a fat dyke 
 Though I ain't wrapped tight 
 My blood type's the '80s! 
 My '90s was like the Navy, you was like the Bradys 
 You still fly kites daily! 
 (Eminem) 
 Catch me in my Mercedes 
 Bumpin' "Ice, Ice Baby," screamin' Shady till I die 
 Like a half a pair of dice, life's crazy 
 So I live it to the fullest till I'm Swayze 
 And you only live it once, so I'm thinkin' 'bout this nice, nice lady 
 Wait, no, stop me now before I get on a roll (Damn) 
 Let me tell you what this pretty little dame's name is, 'cause she's kinda famous 
 And I hope that I don't sound too heinous when I say this 
 Nicki Minaj, but I wanna stick my penis in your anus! 
 You morons think that I'm a genius 
 Really I belong inside a dang insane asylum, cleanin', try them trailer parks 
 Crazy, I am back, and I am razor-sharp, baby 
 And that's back wit' a capital B wit' an exclamation mark, maybe 
 You should listen when I flip the linguistics 
 'Cause I'm gonna rip this mystical slick shit 
 You don't wanna become another victim or statistic of this shit 
 'Cause after I spit the bullets, I'ma treat these shell casings like a soccer ball 
 I'ma kick the ballistics! So get this dick, I'ma live this 
 Livin' life in the fast lane 
 Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down 
 Only got a gallon in the gas tank 
 But I'm almost at the finish line, so I can't stop now 
 I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride 
 Just gon' roll till I drop and ride till I die 
 I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) 
 I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) 
 Royce 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 My whole goal as a poet's to be relaxed in orbit 
 At war wit' a bottle, this Captain Morgan attacks my organs 
 My slow flow is euphoric, it's like I rap endorphins 
 I made a pact with the Devil that says "I'll let you take me 
 You let me take this shovel, dig up the corpes, Jack Kevorkian" 
 Go 'back and forth in more beef that you can pack a fork in 
 I'm livin' the life of the infinite enemy down 
 My tenement, too many now, to send my serenity powers 
 Spin 'em around, enterin' in the vicinity 
 (Eminem) 
 Now, was called Eminem, but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper 
 Chewed him up (Pt!) and spitted him out 
 Girl, giddy-up, now get, get down 
 He's lookin' around this club and it looks like people are havin' a shit fit now 
 Here, little t-t-trailer trash, take a look who's back in t-t-town 
 Did I s-st-stutter, motherfucker? F-ck them all, he's just 
 A whole motherfuckin' Walmart d-d-down every time he comes a-r-r-round 
 And he came to the club tonight wit' 5'9 to hold this bitch down 
 Like a motherfuckin' chick underwater, he tryna d-dr-drown 
 Shawty, when you dance, you got me captivated 
 Just by the way that you keep lickin' them dicks like lips, I'm agitated, aggravated 
 To the point you don't suck my dick, then you're gonna get decapitated 
 Other words, you don't fuckin' give me head, then I'm have to take it 
 (Royce) 
 And then after takin' that, I'ma catch a case, it's gon' be fascinatin' 
 It's gon' say "The whole rap game passed away" on top of the affadavit 
 Graduated from master debater slash massive masturbator 
 To Michael Jackson' activator (Woo!) 
 Meanin' I'm on fire off the top, might wanna back up the data 
 Runnin' over hip-hop in a verbal tractor-trailer 
 Homie, this sick, you can normally ask a hater 
 Don't it make sense, these shell casings is just like a bag of paper 
 Drop in the lap of a tax evader (Homie, they spent) 
 (Eminem) 
 Now make that ass drop like a sack of potatoes 
 What, girl, I'm the crack-a-lator 
 Percolator to this party, be my penis ejaculator later 
 Tell your boyfriend that you just struck paydirt 
 You rollin' with a player, you won't be exaggeratin' when you sayin' 
 Livin' life in the fast lane 
 Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down 
 Only got a gallon in the gas tank 
 But I'm almost at the finish line, so I can't stop now 
 I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride 
 Just gon' roll till I drop and ride till I die 
 I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) 
 I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)
 Now every body from the 313 put ya mother fuckin' hands up and follow me 
 Now every body from the 313 put ya mother fuckin' hands 
 Look look 
 Now as he stands tough notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 This free worlds got you gassed up now whos afraid of the big bad wolf 
 1,2,3 and to tha 4 
 1pac 2pac 3pac 4 4pac 3pac 2pac 1 hes pac ur pac no pac none 
 This guys no mother fuckin' MC I know every thing hes gotta say against me I am white I am a fuckin' bum I do live in a trailer with my mum, 
 My boy future is an uncle tom 
 I do have a dumb friend named chedder bob who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun, 
 And I did get jumped,by all 6 of you chumps, 
 And wink did fuck my girl but I'm still standing here screaming fuck the free world 
 Now how dare you judge me dude you don't know what the fuck I've been through, 
 But I know some thing about you, you went to crambrook that's a private school 
 What's amatta dog you embaraced this guys a gangsta his real name is clarance 
 And clarance sit at home with both parents 
 And clarance's parents have a real good marriage. 
 This guy don't wonna battle hes shook theres no such things as half way crooks 
 Hes scared to death scared to look in his fuckin' year book fuck crambrook 
 Fuck a beat I go acapella, 
 Fuck pocca doc, 
 Fuck a clock, 
 Fuck a trailer, 
 Fuck everyone, 
 I'm a piece of fuckin' white trash I say it proudly, 
 Fuck this battle I don't wanna win here I'm outy tell these people something they don't know about me
 Another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though 
 Oh well, this is my life so as I go and try to close for the nights show 
 To see how far that line goes, still blows my mind, show business 
 Guess I'll just never get, so this shit just always feels so weird 
 To this day because alls I ever did 
 Was just say the shit I would've wanted to hear 
 Other people say to me when I was a kid 
 So please don't make me some type of hero 
 'Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way 
 But still will have a field day with some of the fucked up shit 
 In the world and tell it to suck on a dick 'cause I still make fun 
 Of a sit' someone's in like a son of a bitch at another's expense 
 I'm fuckin' relentless as fuck when it comes to this pen 
 I struggle with coming to senses, stuck on the fence 
 On a balance beam if I seem unbalanced, it's challenging 
 But my conscience allows me to think the most foulish childish things 
 Without even blinking, without even thinkin' about 
 All the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' for the crowds 
 They're screaming in The Palace, sold out this evening 
 But now as I lay me down sleeping 
 Is it really my soul to keep, or have I sold it cheap? 
 Is it greed? Do I take more than I need? 
 When I joke of leavin', but keep overachievin' 
 'Cause what it's stole from me I've barely broken even 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in a hole dying 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in a hole dying 
 So an artist how I paint myself 
 And through my heroine ordeals I'm so vain 
 I want my respect 
 But ignore the butterfly effect that comes from my dialect 
 Till I sit in the dark and I reflect 
 And my reflection shows what it's like here 
 Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights 
 Yeah, it's like a nightmare 
 I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare 
 And I don't like how I see myself, so I open the Bible to Isaiah 
 'Cause I swear to Christ there are nights where I stay up at night 
 And say a prayer twice just to make sure God hears 
 Cause this ice layer 
 I skate on's a nice way of putting it, but I like stayin' 
 Feistier then a triceratops and like a dice player 
 I got a nice paradise here, sealed off in my lair 
 Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit 
 From this house it's quite big, but it ain't when you can't leave it 
 And I feel so isolated, nice I made it 
 But it's like I paid the price of fame twice, I hate it 
 So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it 
 Then wonder why I stay famous 
 I keep walkin' the line 
 This gold fish bowl gets old 
 But especially when you don't know 
 If your conscience is sayin' I told you so 
 Cause you don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier 
 Or you sold your soul 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in a hole dying 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in a hole dying 
 And from here you look so small 
 Hovering high above us all 
 Please come back to me 
 I still remember the times when 
 They were simpler than the rhymes of 
 Vanilla Ice were when I was just killin' the mics 
 I'll never forget what that feeling was like 
 I miss those times now when I was just starting out 
 Without a dime and, now I'm diamond 
 I can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been 
 Stuck in this house hibernatin' 
 Hate even going outside it 
 Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin' 
 I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it 
 Look how excited I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and 
 Everything about it I miss, which now reminds me 
 Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz 
 Wow, I must have had Alzheimers 
 Long time since I shouted them out, bout time 
 'Cause it's been on my mind lately how 
 Zee, you always supported me 
 You vouched, I will never forget that and 
 How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace 
 I love you too, you slept on my couch 
 And I been thinkin' 'bout the time when I slept on the floor at the outhouse 
 Rhyming's all we ever wanted to do 
 And regardless how life has turned out 
 Inside I'm, I'll always be an outsider 
 My life has been turned inside out but I 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in a hole dying 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in a hole dying
 (Just Blaze - Chorus) 
 Some people ask me, where I've been lately 
 They thought I fell off, nobody could save me 
 I play in the background, I don't back down 
 So don't get it twisted, tryna play me 
 First I come out, they underate me 
 Then I come back, still try to fade me 
 They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy 
 Ask what I think, I say maybe 
 I fly away 
 It ain't nothin' in my way so I may as well fly away 
 It ain't nothin' else to say so I may as well fly away 
 I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon die today 
 'Cause I've been to the top and there's nowhere else to go 
 The only way to see me is if you lookin' up from down below 
 And there's nothin' else to say so I may as well fly away 
 And there's nothin' in my way so I may as well fly away 
 I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away 
 (Eminem - Verse 1) 
 Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up 
 I?ma step up on the stage now, I'm gonna strut 
 And walk around with my pants hanging over my butt 
 And you ain't gotta tell me notin? boy, get off of my nuts 
 It goes one for the money, two for the show 
 My shit don't stink, I don't think so 
 Wipe my ass with a tissue and roll it back up in a roll 
 Are you ready now, here we go 
 The bald eagle has landed 
 I'm back in ya hair, sorry for leavin' you stranded 
 I'm twice as dread and evil and rancid 
 They can't sit, I don't think anybody understands it 
 Especially when the Worlds silly putty in ya hands, its playdough 
 I ain't got to play though, they say I died in a fatal 
 Car crash, shows what they know 
 Shit if I did, it'd be a trailer not a car 
 The white trash star 
 I f-ckin RV up like Brett Favre 
 Homie you got it backwards, your dippin your soup inside ya crackers 
 I can carry rap till my back hurts 
 Set it down go right back to the Chiropractors 
 Get my back right 
 Now I'm right back on you bastards 
 I was chasin? the dragon, I don't know what happened 
 It was like the feelin'? I had when I first started rappin'? 
 I just could?nt seem to get back and recapture that magic 
 So I went back to the lab, that's where I've been at when? 
 (Just Blaze - Chorus) 
 Some people ask me, where I've been lately 
 They thought I fell off, nobody could save me 
 I play in the background, I don't back down 
 So don't get it twisted, tryna play me 
 First I come out, they underate me 
 Then I come back, still try to fade me 
 They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy 
 Ask what I think, I say maybe 
 I fly away 
 It ain't nothin' in my way so I may as well fly away 
 It ain't nothin' else to say so I may as well fly away 
 (Eminem - Verse 2) 
 I took a hiatus haters now I'm back to cause trouble 
 Got the f-cking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles 
 I'm the *bang* you ain't f-ckin sick 
 The hospital won't even give you cough drops for course cocksucker 
 You think your hot, you ain't even luke warm 
 My pubes hotter than you 
 Your soft I use fire to cool me off 
 I told 'em I'll grow up one day and show 'em I'd be able to choke clouds 
 Pick up lightenin? bolts and throw 'em 
 Take the world by storm with these words I form 
 Georgie porgie kissed the girls, make the girls cry for em 
 Make 'em swarm, make 'em fight over the shirts I've worn 
 Sworn over my sweat towels, its mind blowin' 
 Yes I'm livin' the dream homie, can't nothin' compare 
 I'm so up, I'm stuck in mid air I'm lovin' it yeah 
 It's like these people are steps now, all they do is stare 
 These haters is so p-ssy they're afraid to be scared 
 This is pay back, like I owe 'em back pay 
 They spat in my face, now I'm back to do them the same exact way 
 And leave this rap game with a bad taste, 
 And slap it back out, before I step back out of this crap thanks 
 Slap me now I'm slapping 'em back hey! f-ck it we'll slap back 
 But yeah okay now we'll talk 'cause I'm smack ay 
 And I ain't looking back infact they can stare at my ass crack 
 How's that for hindsight, what the track say? 
 (Just Blaze - Chorus)
 This is your Fucking captain speaking 
 We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet 
 That's eight million miles in the sky 
 Please, undo your seatbelt for takeoff 
 You are now free to smoke about the cabin 
 Dr.Dre: 
 I'm Dre from back in the day from 
 NWA from black and the gray from 
 Choking a bitch to smacking her face from 
 Stacking up bodies to 
 Racking their kegs up 
 From Racking a bitch to 
 Stacking them crates up 
 I'm still hungry and I'm back with a tapeworm 
 And we was happening and rapping Entertainment 
 Me and Shady for us competition 
 Faggot, There ain't none 
 Eminem: 
 Speak of the devil 
 It's attack of the rain man 
 Chainsaw in hand, blood stain on my apron 
 Soon as the blade spun run, they run away from 
 Who wanna play dungeon? 
 No one is safe from 
 In search of a brain surgeon 
 A great one 
 Wait, it ain't funny man 
 It's urgent I need one 
 Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun 
 And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 We're now smoking with the best (the best) 
 I said one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 We're now smoking with the best (the best) 
 Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless 
 A nice environment 
 Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants 
 Taking lives of firemen 
 Say goodbye, here I am again 
 Naked wives and vicadin 
 Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy, I could spin 
 Fin, fin 
 Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge 
 Let that boy off the bench, coach and throw it to him 
 There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again 
 Baby, make us some French toast and show us some skin 
 I'll show you every inch grows of my foreskin 
 Show me nipple I pinch, throw up, and throw up a ten 
 Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again 
 The sorcerer of intercourse - if it's forced, it's him 
 Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
 And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 We're now smoking with the best (the best) 
 I said one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 We're now smoking with the best (the best) 
 Dr.Dre: 
 Now where's smoke, there's fire 
 Where there's fire, there's flames 
 Where's there's flames, there's chronic 
 Either you high or you ain't 
 I got no time for no games 
 Eminem: 
 Nah, uh he ain't playing 
 He's gonna get the AKA and aim it right at your brain 
 I'm slightly insane 
 Vodka and creatine 
 Hypnotic and red bull 
 It's an incredible energy drink 
 And it's given me wings 
 I believe I can fly 
 While I pee on a girl 
 You catch me, CSI 
 It's as easy as pie 
 And as simple as cake 
 Dre, get on the mic and make them tremble and shake 
 Dr.Dre: 
 Now put your smoke up in the air 
 And raise your henny and coke 
 And if you really wanna get Fucked up, just let me know 
 We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it 
 Let's get into it 
 You smoking with the triest and truest 
 I got the Midas touch 
 When it comes to rolling shit up 
 You MotherFuckers ain't smoking 
 You just holding Shit up 
 Now here we go 
 Let's get up, get down hold up a blunt 
 I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one 
 'Cause if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed 
 Now them words are just a little more personal for me 
 Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees 
 Eminem: 
 Well puffing ain't enough for me 
 Fuck yeah, light it up Cheech, come on 
 Smoke me out, 'cause 
 Give me contact buzz 
 Get me on track 
 They love me when I'm on that stuff 
 But this earth calling Shady, man come on back (what?) 
 Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back (Fuck!) 
 Now look at all the pretty women in here 
 (Damn bitches) 
 Dre, it's hot 
 I think we better go check on their temperatures 
 I'll get the thermometer 
 You get the bandages 
 Now baby just bend over 
 This won't hurt a damn it just? 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 We're now smoking with the best (the best) 
 I said one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go 
 We're now smoking with the best (the best)
 Y'all know me still the same OG 
 But I been low key 
 Hated on by most these niggas 
 With no cheese, no deals and no G's, no wheels and no keys 
 No boats, no snowmobiles and no ski's 
 Mad at me cause 
 I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries 
 Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks 
 To add to the wall full of plaques 
 Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies 
 But y'all think I'm gonna let my dough freeze 
 Ho Please 
 You better bow down on both knees 
 Who you think taught you to smoke trees 
 Who you think brought you the o' G's 
 Eazy-E's Ice Cube's and D.O.C's and Snoop D O double G's 
 And a group that said muthafuck the police 
 Gave you a tape full of dope beats 
 To bump when stroll through in your hood 
 And when your album sales wasn't doing too good 
 Who's the doc that they told you to go see 
 Y'all better listen up closely 
 All you niggas that said that I turned pop 
 Or the Firm flopped 
 Y'all are the reason Dre ain't been getting no sleep 
 So fuck y'all all of y'all 
 If y'all don't like me blow me 
 Y'all are gonna keep fucking around with me 
 And turn me back to the old me 
 Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say 
 But nothing comes out when they move their lips 
 Just a bunch of gibberish 
 And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre 
 So what do you say to somebody you hate 
 Or anybody tryna bring trouble your way 
 Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way 
 Just study your tape of NWA. 
 One day I was walking by 
 With a Walkman on 
 When I caught a guy giving me an awkward eye 
 And strangled him off in the parking lot with his Karl Kani 
 I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not 
 I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge 
 But I'm drunk as fuck 
 Right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage 
 Hopping out with two broken legs tryna walk it off 
 Fuck you too bitch call the cops 
 I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfucking barking dogs 
 And when the cops came through 
 Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house 
 With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches 
 And still weren't found out 
 From here on out it's the Chronic 2 
 Starting today and tomorrow's the new 
 And I'm still loco enough 
 To choke you to death with a Charleston chew 
 (Record scratch) 
 Slim shady hotter than a set of twin babies 
 In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up 
 And the temp goes up to the mid 80's 
 Calling men ladies 
 Sorry Doc but I been crazy 
 There is no way that you can save me 
 It's OK go with him Hailie 
 Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say 
 But nothing comes out when they move their lips 
 Just a bunch of gibberish 
 And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre 
 If it was up to me 
 You motherfuckers would stop coming up to me 
 With your hands out looking up to me 
 Like you want something free 
 When my last CD was out you wasn't bumping me 
 But now that I got this little company 
 Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease 
 But you won't get a crumb from me 
 'Cause I'm from the streets of Compton 
 I told 'em all 
 All them little gangstas 
 Who you think helped mold 'em all 
 Now you wanna run around and talk about guns 
 Like I ain't got none 
 What you think I sold 'em all 
 'Cause I stay well off 
 Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off 
 What, 'cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad 
 Tryna get this damn label off 
 I ain't having that 
 This is the millennium of Aftermath 
 It ain't gonna be nothing after that 
 So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap 
 You can have it back 
 So where's all the mad rappers at 
 It's like a jungle in this habitat 
 But all you savage cats 
 Knew that I was strapped with gats 
 When you were cuddling a cabbage patch 
 Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say 
 But nothing comes out when they move their lips 
 Just a bunch of gibberish 
 And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
 I Freestyle to make it worthwhile 
 Make you run the Geographical 8 mile 
 For paul monelly to fill his belly full of my jelly 
 Like Anderson with his square head and pork belly 
 Stop Dead, go ahead, infact, instead why don't you try a diet 
 You really should try it, get you fit, only eating a bit may do you some good. 
 Like Robin Hood, all he had was wood, maybe you should 
 Don't get depressed, take a blood test, ensure your sugar levels at its best 
 May I suggest?... 
 You take a leaf from kennys book, 
 Look him up, in the phone book, have a chat about doing comic books, 
 Your both freaks, take some fat from Andersons Cheeks and use some 
 He got plenty to spare 
 Kenny, arnt you aware of what you wear? 
 Which cause people to stare, at your blue pants? 
 Just Like your mothers implants. 
 I hate it when you say you down wit Dre, and eminem, 
 Anyone saying this shit, I'll have to condemn them 
 Leaving the hem line upon their shirt like a pervert that's tryna flirt 
 Beefing with me is like tryna fuck a dyke, it ain't possible 
 Ill leave you wishing you ain't even met me 
 Killing you is simple as reciting my 
 ABC, I gua-rantee you can only put up with me, to a tolerable degree. 
 This ryhmes sick I ain't spittin' 
 Tight as your wifes pussy my shit ain't fittin. 
 Eminems syllables sound too complex 
 His subjects are about objects or perplex. 
 I wrote two verse on one person, 
 This rhyme can only wearson. 
 I'm finished, 
 Oh, one more thing 
 Bring some string, for this swing and an anchor ring and a large srping. 
 And we'll murder them all 
 This ain't a tea ball, 
 It's a pub crawl, we've finished here it time to move along
 Are you afraid of a razor blade 
 In the shape of a spade 
 Blood dripping from it 
 Slice you up from the waist up 
 Ill drag ya dead body up a mountain 
 To da summot 
 Hang ya dirty ass then cut it 
 Fallin' down the mountain 
 You will plumit 
 I I I can't believe this shit 
 Are you felling what I spit 
 If you can't 
 To bad bitch 
 I don't give a fuck 
 I ain't got no luck 
 You fucking chicken 
 Hear you go cluck cluck cluck 
 Ah freakin ah freakin 
 I can't believe it 
 Ill swing my axe 
 Ill heave it 
 To ya head 
 You will be dead 
 Skurred 
 Datz all folks 
 I did my best to edit in the curses and curses 
 Ha ha ha
 (Lickety Split) 
 This guy's a choke artist 
 Ya catch a bad one 
 Your better off shootin yourself 
 With Papa Doc's handgun 
 Climbin up this mountain your weak 
 Ill leave you lost without a paddle 
 Floatin shits creek 
 You ain't Detroit, I'm the D 
 Your the new kid on the block 
 Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks 
 Fuckin' Nazi, this crowd ain't your type 
 Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice 
 And what I tell you, you better use it 
 This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music 
 Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath 
 And have you lookin' foolish 
 Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself 
 Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 
 Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack 
 And when you actin' up that's when you got jacked up 
 And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 
 Ill crack your shoulder blade 
 You'll get dropped so hard 
 Elvis will start turnin' in his grave 
 I don't know why they let you out in the dark 
 You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile 
 To the trailor park 
 (Rabbit) 
 This guy raps like his parents jerked him 
 He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version 
 This whole crowd looks suspicious 
 It's all dudes in here, except for these bitches 
 So I'm a German, Eh 
 That's ok, you look like a fuckin' worm with braids 
 These Leaders of the Free World rookies 
 Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies 
 Talkin' bout shits creek 
 Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
 With paddles this deep 
 Your still gonna sink 
 You're a disgrace 
 Yeah, they call me Rabbit 
 This is a turtle race 
 He can't get with me spittin' this shit 
 Wickedly lickety shot 
 Spickety spickety split lickety 
 So I'm gonna turn around with a great smile 
 And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!
 Im driven to write 
 Given the mic 
 Livin' the life 
 That you livin' at night 
 Just to live in the light 
 And deliver delight 
 And slither the slight sight 
 Of the life that ain't right 
 Into your mind 
 Meant to remind 
 U went through the grind 
 To get through the line 
 Ain't no more waitin 
 To reach ur goal 
 There ain't no more Satan 
 To impeach ur soul 
 He can't affect u 
 He can dissect u 
 And change ur mind 
 Bad thoughts can direct u 
 Defects can be gains 
 Ur worries are tainted 
 Mistakes can be saints 
 'Cause they can correct u
 Eminem (Stretch): 
 (First word... excrement.) Exclimate? - Is that what you said? 
 My next def-defense - against these extra men 
 Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again. 
 (Vaseline!) You little sickass, I'll spray 'em with gasoline 
 They try to jack me off with Vaseline 
 My ass is mean! - I smash your spleen. 
 When I crash the scene... (Cell phone!) with a cell phone. 
 Now who the hell is home? - Y'all can't tell Paul, 
 How to throw me words (Animal crackers.) 
 Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards. 
 Ha ha! I got it. - That's not it 
 Fake rappers been spotted... 
 (Broken headphones.) Like broken headphones, you head home. 
 You sped home! - You get your head blown. 
 Rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones. 
 So I ain't trying to hear 'em! 
 Give me another - word for your mother! 
 (Stretch Armstrong.) Stretch Armstrong, my brother! 
 Coming - with rhymes every time that I be drumming 
 Running - with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach. 
 And Star Wars - this car's a Taurus 
 Yo, how many bars we hit tonight?! 'Cause I'm drunk off... 
 (Peanut butter!) Off peanut butter! 
 You see my dick and you start to stutter 
 Start to utter... words that you shouldn't utter 
 (Mark Whalberg!) Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd! 
 And I'm a step on him like dogshit a fore fist, 
 So rappers just get off it, I come across with... 
 (Pulp fiction.) With pulp fiction! 
 Yo! - I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction... 
 Like slurpees! 
 Got herpes! - Got a hair piece. 
 Yo! Rest my anises! - Got brain damage! 
 I'm dumber than rain man is, there's mayonaise on this, I need a plain sandwich 
 Hurry up, give me one! 
 Rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none... 
 (Fresh vegetables.) With fresh vegetables. 
 My testicles - are hanging off to the left of you. 
 You're bisexual! - And there's a guy next to you... 
 Standing! - Rappers know that I be-... 
 (Preparation H.) Preparation H! You didn't even let me finish my rhyme 
 Just shut up for one more time. 
 While I just shine... on this - microphone, 'cause I'm a be honest, 
 Any MC who tries to step to this I'm making you a promise. 
 The what? - Give me a wo-ord! (Nostradamus.) Hah! That Nostradamus... 
 Is blowing up your house? Killing your foster mammas and coming back to get your parents. 
 Well I have it - these rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold! 
 Rappers tryna step to me, you get your wallet stole... 
 (Times Square.) In Times Square! - I got blonde hair, 
 I'm higher than 'Con Air' 
 Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare 
 In a lawn chair - 'cause I'm there... 
 (Kurt Russell.) With Kurt Russell. 
 Saying: "Come 'ere, Goldie! " - You want my love muscle? 
 I know you want it. - I get blunted - then I kick these, 
 Freestyles just like whipped knees... 
 (Taxicab.) With a taxicab! - I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad. 
 Where we going? - "Don't ask me dad! " 
 "Leave me alone! - I'm not trying 
 To even hear you. Dad, I hope you're fucking dying... 
 Off this porno mag'! 
 Yo, did you see my ad? 
 Yo! Wait a minute, did you see my ass? - Is what I meant to say! 
 I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary! " 
 For the century, 
 Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest! 
 (Flamingos.) What? Flamingos? 
 My mother goes out and plays bingo 
 Every single day, at the bingo hall, 
 That's why my dick is, damn! It's single, small. 
 Didn't blow up! - Just don't give a what? - A cuff?! 
 Didn't blow up! - Just don't give a what? - A cuff?! 
 (DT's fired.) But DT's fired, he's retired! 
 He's not hired - yo! - Plus I'm tired... 
 Of busting and spitting this rhyme non stop, 
 I'm on top - taking records to the pawnshop; 
 Stretch! 
 Damn, see my big 'ick? - Catch! 
 Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it 
 Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady out! 
 I get I'll with the skill - baby! 
 Aight baby? - Slim Shady. 
 Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady 
 Spilled gravy. - All over my damn navy blue avi. 
 (Outro: Eminem) 
 Uh-huh, uh! 
 Uh-huh hahaaahahaaaah! 
 Hehehe-hehehe-hehehheh! 
 Hehehe-hehehe-heehhhaaaah! Bye-bye!
 I don't figure this rap shit out 
 I map shit out strategically 
 Timing is everything and it seems to be the key 
 To my success 
 That has worked for me repeatedly 
 The evil genius! 
 Got the beat to beat emcees 
 Timing is everything and it seems to be the key 
 Let 'em diss you first 
 And respond immediately 
 In order to master the art of war 
 Don't start a war 
 Shit not no more 
 We done scared 'em off there are no more 
 Victims are sick 
 I'm fixing to pick some to start shit 
 Ain't got no pictures to rip 
 And shit to throw darts at 
 Ain't got no more targets 
 Shit Irv and Jeff 
 We done beat 'em to death 
 Benzino in debt 
 There just seems to just be no one left to bully 
 Bush is pussy 
 Why the fuck you think his names Bush? 
 Puss is bushy 
 Ain't shit goin' on 
 Shit I've been getting so bored lately 
 I'm thinkin' of doin' some shit to get you to go and hate me again 
 Tell the truth I like the shit better than 
 Shit I could spit better 
 I'm 'bout to kick that sick shit again 
 Look... the game just ain't the same 
 It changes 
 Shit Dre's quittin' 
 Jay's quittin' 
 Now it's just wanksta 
 Just saying the same shit 
 It's fake and its ancient 
 It's making me so bored I'mma just make a new language 
 Fubba you cubba cubba 
 Ubba you ubba ooba 
 You can sus susa my 
 Bib dick tooa tooba 
 Some of the humane kinda' Llama (?) 
 I'm not a human I'm a suicidal 
 Supersonic 
 Suicidal 
 Unibomber 
 You think I'mma do Osama (?) 
 Presidama - do Madona (?) 
 Jeffry on the leven (?) with his legacy to carry on 
 A lotta' talk of rumors on us who's the hottest to be honest 
 Hip hop just ain't been the same 
 Since Tupac moved to Cuba on us
 I done figured this rap shit out 
 I map shit out strategically 
 Timing is everything and that seems to be the key 
 To my success, it's worked for me repeatedly 
 Let 'em diss you first, and respond immediately 
 In order to master the art of war, don't start a war 
 Shit not no more, we done scared 'em off, there are no more 
 Victims to stick I'm fixin to pick some and start shit 
 I'm outta [repeat] 
 Pictures to rip and shit to throw darts at 
 Ain't got no more targets, shit Irv and Jeff 
 We done beat 'em to death, Benzino went deaf 
 There seems to just be no one left to bully 
 Bush is pussy 
 Why the fuck you think his name's Bush? 
 Puss is bushy 
 Ain't shit goin' on, shit I been gettin' so bored lately 
 I'm thinkin' of doin' some shit to get you to go and hate me again 
 To tell the truth, I liked the shit better then 
 Shit I could spit better, I'm bout to kick this sick shit again, look 
 The game just isn't the same, it's changin 
 Shit Dre's quittin, Jay'z quittin, now it's just gangstas just sayin' the same shit 
 It's ancient, it's fakin 
 It's makin' me so bored, I'mma just make a new language 
 Fubba you cubba cubba, yubba yub yubba yooba 
 Yooba can subbabick my dubbibbabick through a tooba 
 Summaladoomalama 
 I'm not a human I'm a supersonic neurobonic suicidal unibomber 
 You think I'm the new Osama, press thinks I'm the new Madonna 
 Jeffery Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on 
 A lotta talk and rumors honest whos the hottest, to be honest 
 Hip hop ain't been the same since Tupac moved to Cuba on us
 Yea, yea, we back again, we doin' our shit, yo 
 Word up, I wanna hear some fly shit 
 You know what I'm sayin', some get high shit 
 Word up, I wanna hear some white boy shit, man 
 Yo, I wanna hear some Eminem, man 
 Talkin' about all that shit he be doin' 
 You ain't into fuckin' drugs, fuck you 
 You don't do ecstasy, fuck you 
 You don't pop mushrooms, fuck you 
 If you don't wanna tab of acid, fuck you 
 I'm Nauseous in this place, I need some office 
 The boss is late, I wanna slap the mustache right off his face 
 I'm ready to go postal, I'm so close 
 I can feel his throat with no pulse when I choke him 
 In ten seconds I'm go in to turn into Hulk Hogan 
 With a cigarette in his mouth 
 He tell me there's no smokin' 
 I'm sick of this shit, it's ridiculous 
 All I picture is kickin' his ass 
 When he's taken his ashes and flickin' 'em 
 I'm sick of these stamps 
 I'm sick of lickin' 'em, sick of stickin' 'em 
 I'm sick of lookin' at 'em, I'm sick of 'em 
 Aight Mr. Mathers pick 'em up 
 No you pick 'em, bitch, stick 'em up 
 Get against the wall, senior citizens and all 
 I can't take this shit no more, everybody hit the floor 
 Get the door, close it and lock it 
 Put your wallets back in your pocket, I don't want dollars 
 Ain't none of us walkin' out of this office 
 Fagget, fuck you, work at the post office, fuck you 
 Talkin' shit to me, tellin' me to take out 
 The goddamn garbage, fuck you 
 If you're a fuckin' dick, fuck you 
 If you're a white rapper, fuck you 
 Talk shit about stretch your cool 
 But if you don't talk shit about stretch, fuck you 
 If you're a fuckin' punk, fuck you 
 Talk shit about me, fuck you 
 You wanna battle me, fuck you 
 I ain't got to say shit to you but fuck you
 And I'm willing to borrow your grass, but I specialize in eating MCs 
 In the immortal words of LL Cool J as he would say 
 I'm a G.O.A.T 
 And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is, it means the "Greatest Of All-Time", and I consider myself one of those, so thank you very much here it goes 
 This is the part I was worried about 
 Everything thinks that my career is down the tubes 
 And I'm in some dusty garage inhalin' them carbon monoxide fumes 
 And everyone's tellin' me what I should do and how I should come out and what to rap about 
 And I know that I got a lot up in my abdullah oblongotta that I gotta get out 
 And I'm not sure how this is gonna come off, they're probably gonna think that I'm comin' off as cocky (haha) 
 Like I just started givin' a fuck what you really think about me 
 See the thing about me 
 Is you don't really know a thing about me 
 Everyone's makin' a stink about me 
 Like there's some kind of a aura of that of a king around me 
 Surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers and bangers, and the most dangerous criminals 
 And I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbours 
 But see my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave 
 But why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other MCs 
 So when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-Z, please be that just subliminally 
 He means he thinks that Jigga's the best, and that he's the only one up in that league, see? 
 And it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is 
 Knowin' Goddamn well that I'm one of the best motherfuckin' rappers who ever lived period 
 I'm a G.O.A.T 
 And I don't mean to gloat, but I know what I know and I know what you think 
 And these magazines'll never put it in ink 
 Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T? 
 And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is, it means the "Greatest Of All-Time", and I consider myself one of those, so thank you very much here it goes 
 Maybe they figured that I'm on my way out the game so they gotta go try to find 'em a new Eminem or a new Shady 
 If they think it's gonna happen, man I thought I was crazy 
 Or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're try'na pay homage to me in a strange way 
 So let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way 
 See, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bring up that Paul Wall's white 
 'Cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see he's just a'ight 
 And Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write 
 Because he's so caught up in that Snow White 
 That Timbaland can't even get him in the studio, he's so gone off that coke, right? 
 And it's so sad, 'cause he's dope, right? America's next great white hope, right? 
 So now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny-ass white rapper show, right? 
 'N which I'm still having mixed feelings about 
 They said to be real, I'm just spillin' it out 
 There's something about a white boy talking black 'n' runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth 
 And I love when they say that Tiger Woods shit, "isn't it ironic that 
 The best rapper's white, and the best golfer's black?" 
 And I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack off of that 
 But these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had come out 
 But I had already hit middle America, parents just all got to likin' me now 
 And suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy 
 All of the hatred for me must've died 
 Thought I committed career suicide 
 So I had to turn back into the bad guy 
 So "faggoty, faggoty, faggoty, gays, anatomy, God made Raggedy Ann and Andy 
 Not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy" 
 And Angelina Jolie is just another ho 
 And Brad is a sucker because once I fuck her, she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby 
 You know what I say? No 
 You better save some of those kids for Madonna, she needs all the publicity she can get 
 You wanted Shady, well you got it man. I ain't apologizin' for shit 
 I'm a G.O.A.T 
 And I don't mean to gloat, but I know what I know and I know what you think 
 And these magazines'll never put it in ink 
 Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T? 
 And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is, it means the "Greatest Of All-Time", and I consider myself one of those, so thank you very much here it goes 
 Man, I'm takin' my ball and going home, man 
 This shit is too easy 
 Nobody even wants to pass me the ball, 'cause (I'm a G.O.A.T) 
 So don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game 
 And y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best, but y'all know that (I'm a G.O.A.T) 
 And like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch 
 (I'm a G.O.A.T) 
 Before I go I'd like to say fuck you very much to everyone who wasn't there from the start 
 And thank you very much to everbody who was 
 (I'm a G.O.A.T) 
 And you don't gotta say it, just think it 
 'Cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that (I'm a G.O.A.T) 
 Hahahaha 
 I'm out y'all, it's been real 
 (I'm a G.O.A.T) 
 Peace
 It's the Libyan opposition and the True Libyan Army Boys (okay) 
 Libyans (Come On!) 
 We representing' for everybody who wants freedom, gaddaffi and your fake ass Libyan crew (Where you at?) 
 Or where the fuck you hiding? 
 Libyan opposition representing' for y'all (who) 
 We represent for: 
 Benghazzi [threw it down] 
 Misurata[threw it down] 
 Al Zaiwia [threw it down] 
 Brega [threw it down] 
 Tripoli [threw it down] 
 Ras Lanuf [threw it down] 
 Darna [threw down] 
 Bin Jawad [threw it down] 
 Yafran [threw it down] 
 Gharyan [threw it down] 
 Az Zintan [threw it down] 
 Sidra Port [threw it down] 
 Al Marj [threw it down] 
 Bani Walid [threw it down] 
 Those Sirt Fools [Sold us out] 
 All the Libyans represent [Let's Go!] 
 COME OUT FROM HIDING Mother fucka throw it up 
 If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out of Libya 
 Back up gadaffi bitch get the fuck out our way 
 (Aye move the fuck back bitch, Move the fuck back) 
 What you looking at gaddaffi, what you looking at saif 
 Not the people or our opposition click, we too trill ya hamar) 
 We to deep off in this bitch, we too deep off in this bitch 
 (Its more of us than than you in your club of stupid bitchs) 
 Y'all are gaddaffis people over there (y'all idiots ain't shit) 
 Y'all are gaddaffis people over there (y'all idiots ain't shit) 
 We run this (country) 
 There will never be last stand 
 Were ready to blast ya 
 You know the new gov don't play no mothafuckin games 
 Ready to bust the head of a fuckin' pretender 
 Gaddafi as soon as we enter you know were making noise 
 All the real Libyan ladies that's proud of Libya 
 And they ain't never been scared 
 They're ready to bust some head 
 They ready to throw it down bitch and they ain't scared
 (Intro - Joe Beast) 
 ("Gangstas") 
 Detroit in last minute 
 ("Gangstas") 
 Yeah, to all my Hill 
 ("Gangstas") 
 Yeah everybody out there 
 ("Gangstas") 
 Ya know what I mean? 
 Rock that 
 Rock that 
 ("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit 
 ("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit 
 Rock that 
 ("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit 
 ("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit 
 (Verse 1 - Joe Beast) 
 Do no shit talkin' 
 Sprayin' niggas up when that clip poppin' 
 On the west with the (gangstas), 
 They Crip walkin' 
 Glock pistol grip, custom fit coffins 
 Niggas is rollin' they shit, blunt coughin' 
 Nigga is you (gangsta) or just talkin' 
 Them ill hill niggas, do this shit often 
 From my project bricks to Compton 
 We original (gangstas) 
 And really ass critical (gangstas) 
 Now you hit lookin' pitiful, ain't ya? 
 You ain't no motherfuckin' (gangsta), gangsta 
 Yo, you got to walk in the shoes of a (gangsta) 
 And you gotta pay your dues to be a (gangsta) 
 Yo them niggas make the news, they cause (gangsta) 
 The bad guy lose, that ain't gangsta ("gangsta") 
 Yo those Pittsburgh niggas is (gangstas) 
 Yeah them Chi-town niggas is (gangstas) 
 Boston niggas is (gangsta) 
 Yo, Philly niggas they keep it (gangsta) 
 And them New York niggas they (gangstas) 
 And them L.A. niggas, yo they (gangstas) 
 And them ATL niggas, they (gangstas) 
 (Verse 2 - Joe Beast) 
 Do you really keep it (gangsta), yeah or is you bluffin' 
 A real (gangsta) leave a murder scene disgustin' 
 Where my (gangstas) servin' them fiends hustlin' 
 Real (gangstas) they ain't hustlin' for nothin' 
 Is that a (gangsta)? Naw, homey 
 Them Hill (gangstas) they'll break your jaw homey 
 Them East coast (gangstas) on that grind 
 And them West coast, gangbangin' throwin' signs 
 My down South (gangstas), gettin' crazy pay 
 Be so (gangsta), throw they gays to your braids 
 This is for my (gangstas), in the grave 
 And this is for my (gangstas), locked in the caves 
 Keep that shit (gangsta), sharpin' up them blades 
 This is for my (gangstas), on lockdown 
 And my niggas, got the block locked down 
 We gangstas niggas, we don't gotta down 
 (Chorus - Joe Beast) 
 (Gangsta) gangsta, gangsta, is you or ain't ya 
 Those (gangstas) gangstas will shoot you or shank ya 
 They say (gangsta) this gangsta music change ya 
 But I'm a keep it (gangsta), even if I'm famous 
 (Verse 3 - Joe Beast) 
 We don't wet y'all (gangstas), 
 So y'all better respect our (gangstas) 
 Matter fact you ain't no 
 Motherfuckin' (gangsta), you a car thief 
 Nigga if you (gangsta), then try to harm me 
 (Good shit), dog you gonna need a army 
 Don't have me have to call them niggas from Core Street 
 They bringin' more heat, come to start a war with Beast 
 Monsters, Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhies 
 Nigga, I love this gangsta shit 
 No guns in the pen now shank you quick 
 Now that's that (gangsta) shit, shit, shit 
 Joe Beast goin' to the bank with this 
 Now that's (gangsta), Beast is in 
 Watch me sloppy Joe off this zero's gin 
 Go to jail, back out in the streets again 
 If drop they gun, put the heat to his chin 
 Now that's 
 (Chorus - Joe Beast) 
 (Gangsta) gangsta, gangsta is you or ain't ya 
 Them (gangstas) gangstas will shot you or shank ya 
 They say (gangsta) this gangsta music change ya 
 But I'm a keep it gangsta even I'm famous
 Yeah, yeah, I get it 
 I run this rap shit, now guess who's back 
 You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3) 
 They keep on sayin' the same rappers are the best 
 Jay-Z and Kanye West, maybe they're just tryna distract it 
 From the fact that I'm comin' back 
 Or maybe it's 'cause I ain't black, maybe it's because of that Maybe it's because I'm the highest sellin' artist in rap 
 While I'm sittin' back in my office jackin' off to my plaques 
 I'm still sick, how can I be sick this long 
 And I'm still alive, Magic Johnson arise 
 I thrive on makin' my opponents think that I've died 
 That's when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go thereDamn I forgot how much money he got 
 On the beach of Saint-Tropez, but your man don't lay 
 In the sun 'cause I don't tan, I burn, blood clot 
 When you gonna learn how much money we've earned 
 How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25 
 And coulda retired at 29 in my 20's still 
 And Fif' here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit 
 And he ain't even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick 
 No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score 
 To go from sellin' bags to bottles right out the store 
 And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers 
 So stay the fuck off us, we make pay 
 I'm just a super easy modest MC, okay? 
 Till I hear the word has been, that's when I start spazzin' 
 Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then 
 I'm the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards 
 I'm a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye's glasses!
 Yeah, yeah, I get it 
 I run this rap shit, now guess who's back 
 You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3) 
 They keep on sayin' the same rappers are the best 
 Jay-Z and Kanye West, maybe they're just tryna distract it 
 From the fact that I'm comin' back 
 Or maybe it's 'cause I ain't black, maybe it's because of that 
 Maybe it's because I'm the highest sellin? artist in rap 
 While I'm sittin' back in my office jackin? off to my plaques 
 I'm still sick, how can I be sick this long 
 And I'm still alive, Magic Johnson arise 
 I thrive on makin' my opponents think that I've died 
 That's when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there 
 Damn I forgot how much money he got 
 On the beach of Saint-Tropez, but your man don't lay 
 In the sun 'cause I don't tan, I burn, blood clot 
 When you gonna learn how much money we've earned 
 How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25 
 And coulda retired at 29 in my 20's still 
 And Fif? here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit 
 And he ain't even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick 
 No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score 
 To go from sellin? bags to bottles right out the store 
 And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us 
 My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers 
 So stay the fuck off us, we make pay 
 I'm just a super easy modest MC, okay? 
 Till I hear the word has been, that's when I start spazzin? 
 Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then 
 I'm the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards 
 I'm a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye's glasses!
 Ayo, let me tell you about my homies, haha 
 My name is Chancey Billups, I'm kinda like a raunchy Phillips 
 Screwdriver, my crew's liver, when you can't sleep and you're still up 
 I get the ball then I'm like Rip, you can't get a grip 
 You prolly got stripped, wanna rumble, no reason to trip 
 I grab her like Gnarles Barkley holds a mic, your snarls spark me 
 I smile like Charles Barkley, come on, I'm hard, guard me 
 Ain't booin', ain't pursuin', no lawsuits, I ain't suin' 
 I know what I'm doin', give me the ball and your life is ruined 
 I'm like Rasheed I remind me of the spirit of Proof 
 I'm heavy, you're lucky, fall in the groove, and I'm on the move 
 I'm smooth with it, give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it 
 Shoot it in the basket, you other teams need a casket 
 LeBron's head, don't respond, there's no back'n'forth 
 This game is mental man, I play it loud 
 I walk away just hush the crowd, you try to touch, sit down 
 Detroit basketball 
 Homie like I told you this is... 
 Detroit basketball 
 Man I don't think you're ready... 
 I get the crowd rolled up like a U-Haul truck 
 Just call me two-balled Chuck 
 Ain't too tall? What? I'll leave Utah stuffed 
 Man I love this game, who the hell you called up 
 You need points on the paint, I'm the joints when they stained 
 All my coins in the bank, and I'm going on the way 
 (I-I-I-I-I-I-I get money) 
 Yeah baby it's true, I'm talkin' to you 
 You already know what to do, just pass it to me 
 It just so happens to be that I adapt on this heat 
 So strap in your seat, I got a grasp on this beat 
 You ain't convinced? Give it to Tayshaun Prince 
 We haven't stay calm since, lead the ball with delayed palm prints 
 Now homie this is (now homie this is) 
 Detroit basketball 
 Homie like I told you this is... 
 Detroit basketball 
 Man I don't think you're ready 
 We get everybody involved homie, we get everybody involved 
 I said 
 We get everybody involved homie, we get everybody involved
 (Eminem) 
 Fame, fame, fame 
 I think it's got me goin' crazy 
 Ohoh 
 I get lost in this game, game, game 
 I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
 Ohoh 
 Keep speaking my name, name, name 
 You gon' have reason to hate me 
 Yeahhhheah 
 It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
 So. this. time. I'm goin' in 
 (Swifty) 
 This the life of a rocker 
 Jagermeister and vodka 
 Hoppin' off of the club's balcony 
 Into the crowd, surfin' 
 And when they drop me, I'm randomly sockin' fans 
 And when my interviews in hockey masks 
 Slap the journalists on their ass 
 I'm high off speed 
 Drivin' my car at high speed 
 Pocket full of weed, while lesbians follow me 
 I'm in the studio, envy 
 My h & m, gon' call for me 
 'Cause I fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week 
 So let's Bang! all up in my head 
 Get 'em back ungrateful dead 
 Bustin' in the air, with 30 bitches up in my bed 
 I'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this the sympathy 
 Just ask me why I did it, well fuck it I can't remember 
 (Eminem) 
 Fame, fame, fame 
 I think it's got me goin' crazy 
 Ohoh 
 I get lost in this game, game, game 
 I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
 Ohoh 
 Keep speaking my name, name, name 
 You gon' have reason to hate me 
 Yeahhhheah 
 It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
 So. this. time. I'm goin' in 
 (Kuniva) 
 Some boys are wallin 
 Drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin' 
 Been ridin' for days, tour bus look like ryker's island 
 Hand me jack daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan 
 Little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo 
 Man you, better be conscious, I'm backstage 
 Livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious 
 We're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since I've slept 
 My dick is sore from fuckin', when I bust there's nothin' left 
 Just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone 
 Strappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong 
 Our label presented us with a plaque 
 Brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats, stanks 
 Now which one of you bitches down for the cause 
 Yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls 
 Last call then we off to the next city, yeah 
 Whatever I didn't drink on my bladder pack it up and take the rest with me 
 (Eminem) 
 Fame, fame, fame 
 I think it's got me goin' crazy 
 Ohoh 
 I get lost in this game, game, game 
 I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
 Ohoh 
 Keep speaking my name, name, name 
 You gon' have reason to hate me 
 Yeahhhheah 
 It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
 So. this. time. I'm goin' in 
 (Eminem) 
 Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy 
 Fuck it, I am crazy 
 What's new, what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue 
 We lost proof, he was our crew's glue 
 But where was you, when we were fallin' apart 
 You were shittin on us too 
 But no one but us knew we were beefin' 
 Cause that's what happens when you beef with crew 
 It stays in the crew, 'cause it's just crew 
 But we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew 
 Only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you 
 And we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to 
 Pussy, go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree, fuck you 
 Ah choo 
 Bless you! I'm allergic to pussy, sluts too 
 Yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you 
 Have some bullshit to readjust 
 Still got a just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due 
 So rest in peace to Bugz and proof 
 This one's for you homies, we love you 
 But we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this... 
 (Eminem) 
 Fame, fame, fame 
 I think it's got me goin' crazy 
 Ohoh 
 I get lost in this game, game, game 
 I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers 
 Ohoh 
 Keep speaking my name, name, name 
 You gon' have reason to hate me 
 Yeahhhheah 
 It's like. you. don't. want. me to win 
 So. this. time. I'm goin' in
 You really don't know me 
 I feel iscloated around you 
 You make feel strange and embarrassed 
 Don't wanna do a duet on the karaoke 
 I think I want to go solo 
 Going Solo Solo Solo 
 Don't need you anymore 
 Ill manage thank you 
 Without you making me look like a fool 
 I wanna go Solo Solo Solo... Solo 
 Think You can mess with my mind 
 But I'm smarter than that 
 Can't you read my facial expressions 
 Don't wanna do a duet on the karaoke 
 I think I want to go solo 
 Going Solo Solo Solo 
 Don't need you anymore 
 Ill manage thank you 
 Without you making me look like a fool 
 I wanna go Solo Solo Solo... Solo 
 Nothing can stop me 
 I feel like the brightest thing around 
 Nothing will make me be with you 
 Don't wanna do a duet on the karaoke 
 I think I want to go solo 
 Going Solo Solo Solo 
 Don't need you anymore 
 Ill manage thank you 
 Without you making me look like a fool 
 I wanna go Solo Solo Solo... Solo 
 Going Solo Solo Solo 
 Don't need you anymore 
 Ill manage thank you 
 Without you making me look like a fool 
 I wanna go Solo Solo Solo... Solo 
 Nothing can stop me from being here 
 In this position of being solo 
 And not doing a duet on the next karaoke 
 I think I'm good at... 
 Going Solo Solo Solo 
 Don't need you anymore 
 Ill manage thank you 
 Without you making me look like a fool 
 I wanna go Solo Solo Solo... Solo
 Woo, damn 
 There's a lot of bitches up in here tonight boy 
 I'm about to get drunk 
 Let's hold down 
 Where the bar at? 
 Okay, okie dokey Obie's here 
 No more focus, hobo's got a career 
 And I like your brassiere and there's a party in here 
 And I'm ready to talk naughty in Veronica's ear 
 She erotic and it's hot, saw a Heineken beer 
 Put it to the side and invite here to "Cheers" 
 Pull up a chair, nigga swear no drama 
 Prepare for a player, who workin' with a monster 
 I ain't got time to waste, let's vacate the place 
 Shut blinds and drapes, grind to your face in a grimy state 
 Concentrate, you will find that your bound to get 
 But we found what's fate 
 We can watch two incredible mates masturbate 
 Why settle and wait, let's Escalade to the nearest Super Eight 
 Until your rear is on the mirrors and they smearin' booty cheeks 
 C'mon 
 And this is my favorite song 
 Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on 
 And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep 
 And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh) 
 Okay holy moly derriere 
 Look around the club booty everywhere 
 And she caught me starin' 
 And my homies darin' me to approach Karen 
 She's model material, but she got a venereal 
 Tons of baby fathers', baby bottles and cereal 
 She holla 'cause I got a lot of DeNiro (DeNiro) 
 The DJ's playin' Obie's song on the stereo 
 And she's impaired and she wants to be headin' home 
 With the real thing not the dildo clone 
 And I know I don't want to be headin' home 
 With some double D's full of silicon 
 Ten hood rat chicks surround me outside 
 Found me outside, clown me outside 
 Till I pop the trunk and they found me outside 
 Bustin' at the bitches screamin' "off to they rides!" 
 Okay rolie polies everywhere 
 Gotta find a slim chick's atmosphere 
 Obesity's glarin' and she got me fearin' 
 She's gonna come over here and try to eat me literally 
 Like a box of Cherrios 
 Carry cupcakes and chocolate Tootsie rolls 
 I'm outta order 'cause I gotta big girl disorder 
 So better cover up that blubber or I'll split 
 And I ain't got time to play 
 Let's investigate another place today 
 Ladies less in weight and the dress they shape 
 Dresses petite, no window drapes 
 Word to mother, they god damn Okra and beans 
 Got ya Oprah and jeans 
 Seems to me a little lean cuisine 
 Wouldn't hurt much, hot don't touch 
 Ha ha, ha ha, ha 
 You gotta have teeth baby 
 It just wouldn't look right 
 Look, me big lips 
 You no teeth, it wouldn't work 
 You know what I'm sayin' 
 Yeah 
 I'm feelin' good 
 Shady Records man 
 Obie Trice, c'mon
 (Erv Gotti) 
 Everybody wants to make comparisons to Pac, and X, and me, YALL NIGGAZ want to see Pac come back? You want to see this shit? it's here nigga, it's here 
 (Eminem) 
 Makaveli rest in peace 
 Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body 
 Mouth like a .12 gauge shot it (feel me) 
 (2x) 
 (HAIL MARY} Come get me 
 If you mothafuckers want Shady 
 {Background: 
 And ja said he shall be the lost begotten seed of 2pac 
 To lead this industry into the ways of the man 
 Follow me 
 Keep my mesh vest as pacs vest} 
 If Pac was still here now, 
 He would never ride with Ja, 
 (Eminem) 
 You ain't no killa, you a pussy 
 That exstacy dun' got you all emotional and moushy 
 Bitches wearin rags in photos, for Ja's words bein quoted 
 In the SOURCE, stealin 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it 
 You loud mouth, pray to God, hopin no one's listenin 
 See 50 comin' for me, Oh my God my, my position 
 No one pays attention 
 To me, please Gotti, here I go 
 Gimme this pill, exstacy dun' got me feelin' so 
 Invincible 
 Now all of a sudden I'm a fuckin' mad man who screams 
 Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not, enemies, Hennesy 
 Actin' like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm CRAZY 
 Sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train 
 Some say my brain is all corrupted, fucked from this shit 
 I'm stuck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit 
 Sayin' mothafucka's name's before somebody fucks me up 
 Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you hell, fucker 
 (Eminem and Busta in background) 
 Come get me 
 Motherfucker, If you want Shady 
 If Pac was still here now, 
 He would never ride with Ja 
 Get off that E 
 Before you try to come and fuck with me 
 It's Aftermath here now 
 Shady Records got it locked 
 La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la 
 (50 Cent) 
 Penitentaries is packed with promise makers 
 Never realized the precious time them bitch niggas is wastin 
 Insitutionalize, my bitches bring me product by the bundles 
 Hustle hard for myself, G-Unit mothafucka, WE BALLIN 
 Catch me count trees and when I'm callin 
 Can you accept my call, Ceo let me sip on Henessy, "Can I sip some more?" 
 Hell, I done been in jail, I ain't scared 
 Momma checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there 
 I got a head with no screws in it 
 Mothafuckas thinkin' they can stop 50... they losin it 
 Lil' nigga named Ja, think he live like me 
 Talkin' about he left the hospital, took 9 like me 
 You live in fantasies nigga 
 I rejected ya deposit 
 When your lil sweet ass goin' come out of the closet 
 Now he wonderin why DMX blowed him out 
 Next time grown folks talkin' bitch close your mouth 
 Peep me, I take this war shit deeply 
 Done Seen too many real niggas ballin let these bitch niggas beat me 
 Black, yous a mothafuckin punk and you'll see me with gloves 
 Quit scarin them fuckin' kids with you ugly ass mug 
 And you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want 
 But you and I know what's goin' on 
 Nigga pay back Tah, I know your bitch ass from way back 
 Witness me strap with macs You know I don't play that 
 All these old rappers tryin' to advance it's all over now -- take it like a man 
 HAHA--Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick 
 Tryin' to playa hate on my shit- Man eat a fat dick 
 Lovin' this shit that's how you made me 
 Feelin' like I got you niggas crazy (Uh huh) 
 Against all odds up lettin my thug mothafuckas know 
 This'll be the realist shit I ever wrote 
 Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blow to the truest shit I ever spoke, 21 gun salute 
 (Fades in) Busta Rhymes: 
 Hey yo I've been one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core 
 Hey Jeffrey, What the fuck you come involvin me for? 
 It's been a long time comin' like a blessin to a check you 
 See 106 and park fans don't even fuckin' respect you 
 Its kinda funny wanna be Pac, wanna fake like he thug 
 Runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of 
 Now let me OFF this cock sucka watch me handle you nigga 
 If I recall Violator used to manage you nigga 
 Take took a closer look and realized you was an impostor 
 There's never been a Violator on a Murda Inc roster. 
 Dumbass Now who shoot? 
 Oh I made you look, you said Bus' singin' the same ol' hook, 
 You Stupid if y'all shoot 
 I take a look at ya man tha bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam 
 Chedda Bob ass niggaz start adjustin ya plan 
 You let the streets down nigga 'pologize to ya fans 
 Watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know what it was 
 Lil faggot desperate tryin' to re-establish a buzz 
 I know tha shit is drivin' you crazy You wonderin how 
 The streets ain't never want you Beatrice what you gonna do now? 
 Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefin with you 
 I think about tha game and what it's like AND WHAT WOULD IT BE WITHOUT YOU 
 You finished I ain't tryin' to repeat this just because I'm cool shouldn' take my kindness for weakness 
 (50 laughs: Oh shit) 
 (Busta speakin') 
 It was fun Next time you got a problem mate, Address me 
 Before you try to make tha shit a public issue homie, Now I'ma return back to my regular self 
 And have fun again 
 (50 Cent Outro) 
 Hahaha, BITCH! 
 Haha, outlawz haha 
 Makaveli the don haha 
 Said you want to be tupac mother fucker hahaha 
 Tupac shoes to big for you to walk in you lil' faggot 
 Hahaha 
 {2pac} 
 But, who do we have here now!
 (Intro: Eminem) 
 Makaveli, rest in peace 
 Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body 
 Mouth like a 12 gauge shotty (feel me!) 
 {*Starts singing chorus in background*} 
 And this bitch said he should be 
 The lost forgotten seed of Tupac 
 To lead this industry into the ways of the man 
 Follow me...! 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Come get me 
 If you motherfuckas want Shady 
 If Pac was still here now 
 He would never ride with Ja 
 (Verse 1: Eminem) 
 You ain't no killa, you a pussy 
 That ecstasy done got you all emotional and mushy 
 Bitch is wearin' rags in photos, Ja's words bein' quoted 
 In The Source stealin' Pac's shit like he just wrote it 
 You loudmouths, pray to God hopin' no one's listenin' 
 See 50 comin' for me I'ma guard my, my position 
 No one'll pay attention to me, please Gotti 
 Here I go, give me this pill 
 Ecstasy done got me feelin' so invincible 
 Now all a sudden I'm a fuckin' mad man who screams like I'm Pac 
 But I'm not, enemies, Hennessy 
 Actin' like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm crazy 
 Sweat drip get me off this trip, someone stop this train 
 Some say my brain is all corrupted fuckin' with this shit 
 I'm suck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit 
 Sayin' motherfuckas names before somebody fucks me up 
 Ain't no pussies over here partner, see you in hell, fucka 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Come get me 
 Motherfucka, if you want Shady 
 If Pac was still here now 
 He would never ride with Ja 
 Get off that E 
 'Fore you try to come and fuck with me 
 It's Aftermath here down, Shady Records got it locked 
 La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la locked 
 (Verse 2: 50 Cent) 
 Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers 
 Never realize the precious time that bitch niggaz is wastin' 
 Institutionalize my bitchez bring me product by the bundle 
 Hustle hard for da cell, G-Unit motherfucka, we ballin' 
 Catch me countin' cheese and when I'm callin', do you accept my calls? 
 Still let me sip on Hennessy, can I sip some more? 
 Hell, I done been to jail, I ain't scared 
 Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there 
 I got a head with no screws in it 
 Motherfuckas thinkin' they can stop 50, they losin' it 
 Lil' nigga named Ja think he live like me 
 Talkin' about he left the hospital took nine like me 
 You livin' fantasies nigga, I been checkin' deposit 
 When your lil' sweet ass gon' come out of the closet? 
 Now he wonderin' why DMX blowed him out 
 Next time grown folks talkin', bitch, close yo mouth 
 Peep me, I take this war shit deeply 
 Done seen too many real niggaz ball to let these bitch niggaz beat me 
 Black, you's a motherfuckin' punk and you'll see me with gloves 
 Quit scarin' them fuckin' kids with yo ugly ass mom 
 And you can tell them niggaz you roll with whatever you want 
 But you and I know what's goin' on 
 Nigga payback, Tah, I know yo bitch ass from way back 
 Witness me strap the mac, knew I don't play that 
 All these old rappers tryina advance 
 It's all over now, take it like a man (haha!) 
 Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick 
 Tryina playa hate on my shit 
 Man, eat a fat dick! 
 Lovin' this shit, that's how you made me 
 Feelin' like I got you niggaz crazy 
 Uh huh, against all odds 
 ONly my thug motherfuckas know 
 This be the realest shit I ever wrote 
 Against all odds 
 Up in the studio gettin' blowed 
 To the truest shit I ever spoke 
 21 gun salute, bitch! 
 (Verse 3: Busta Rhymes) 
 Ay yo, I been one of the most humble 
 Reppin' streets to the core 
 Ay Jeffrey, what the fuck you come and bother me for? 
 It's been a long time comin', like a blessing to check you 
 See, 106 and Park fans don't even fuckin' respect you 
 It's kinda funny, wanna be Pac, wanna fake like he thug 
 Runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of 
 Now let me off this cock sucka, watch me handle you nigga 
 If I recall, Violator used to manage you nigga 
 They took a closer look and realized you wasn't impostured 
 There's never been a Violator on the Murder Inc. roster, dumbass 
 Now, who shootin'? Awww, made you look! 
 You said Bust' singin' the same old hook? You stupid! 
 If y'all shootin', I take a look at yo man 
 The bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam 
 Chedda bob ass niggaz, start adjustin' yo plan 
 You let the streets down nigga, apologize to yo fans 
 Watched you pull a lil' stunt like we ain't know what it was 
 Lil' faggot, desperate tryina reestablish a buzz 
 I know the shit is drivin' you crazy, you wonderin' how 
 The streets ain't never want you, Beatrice, whachu gonna do now? 
 Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefin' with you 
 I think about the game and what it's like and 
 "What would it be without you?" 
 You finished, I ain't tryina repeat this 
 Just 'cause I'm cool, you shouldn't take my kindness for weakness 
 (Busta Rhymes talking) 
 Oh shit... it was fun... 
 Next time you got a problem man... 
 Address me before you try to make the shit a public issue homey... 
 Now I'ma return back to my regular self... 
 And have fun again... one!
 Yo, I can't sing but I feel like singing 
 I want to fuckin' sing 'cause I'm happy yeah, I'm happy 
 I got my baby back, yo, check it out 
 Somedays, I sit staring out the window 
 Watchin' this world pass me by 
 Sometimes, I think there's nothin' to live for 
 I almost break down and cry 
 Sometimes, I think I'm crazy, I'm crazy, oh, so crazy 
 Why am I here? Am I just wasting my time? 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly, I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leaning on me 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
 My baby girl keeps getting older, I watch her grow up with pride 
 People make jokes 'cause they don't understand me 
 They just don't see my real side 
 I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy 
 My insecurities could eat me alive 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly, I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look in her eyes 
 Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter 
 If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father 
 To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her 
 God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't 
 Now, you probably get this picture from my public persona 
 That I'ma pistol packin' drug addict who bags on his mama 
 But I wanna to just take this time out to be perfectly honest 
 'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled 
 That hurts deep inside of my soul 
 And just know that I grow colder the older I grow 
 This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold 
 And this load is like the weight of the world 
 And I think my neck is breakin' 
 Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? 
 Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself 
 But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell 
 But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt 
 So many chances, man, it's too bad, could have had someone else 
 But the years that I've wasted is nothing to the tears that I've tasted 
 So here's what I'm facin, 
 3 felonies, 6 years of probation 
 I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman 
 I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman 
 Man, I should have seen it coming, what did I stick my penis up in? 
 Wouldn't have ripped the pre-nup up if I'da seen what she was fuckin' 
 But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more 
 I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore 
 (Hailey) 
 So sayonara, try tommorra, nice to know ya 
 Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner 
 And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted 
 It's like the greatest gift you could get, the weight has been lifted 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leaning on me 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
 Told you I can't sing, oh well, I tried, Hailey 
 Remember when I said, if you ever need anything 
 Daddy would be right there? Guess what? 
 Daddy's here and I ain't going nowhere, baby 
 I love you
 Hey hailie 
 How are you today 
 Sorry I couldn't see you 
 I was workin every day 
 Are you ok 
 I'm fine 
 I love you bad 
 You are define 
 Your mom and me are back together 
 I hope your happy 
 Gladly were workin things out 
 I'm your pappy (haha) 
 Don't worry ill never leave again 
 I promise ill never leave you even if you turn ten 
 How is your sis 
 Tell her I miss her too 
 I love both of y'all 
 Y'all like the number too 
 You are my friend, my everything 
 In promise ill never ever leave again 
 Your mother and I are getting married again 
 I hope you happy too 
 I love you so much 
 I wanna be with you... 
 Hailie and me 
 Hailie and me 
 This is between 1 and 2 
 Justy wanna be with you 
 Hailie and me 
 Hailie and me 
 I promise that ill never leave you... 
 Slim shady is rock a bye bby 
 Shady is over never will rap again 
 If you want me too 
 You'll have to just leave me 
 There is one way you can actually complete me 
 Remember in mockingbird it was really sad 
 I tried to stop 
 But I was so mad trying to stop crying 'cause I couldn't see you no more then I got back to what was in store 
 I made my new choice 
 Can't help myself 
 I lo ve all of y'all and no body else 
 Shady is something 
 He is nothing I really can't help it 'cause he is nothing well seems like 1 and 2... 
 I wanns be with u 
 Hailie and me 
 Hailie and me 
 I wana be with me I wanna be with you 
 Hailie and me 
 Hailie and me 
 Hailie nd me 
 H A I L I E 
 Is is between 1 and 3 
 Baby don't worry 
 Ill never leave again 
 Ill just have to tell dr.dre I can't rap again 
 My baby misses me and I miss her 
 I'm not shady dre so it's over so then 
 H A I L I E 
 This is between 1 and 3 
 Hailie yuour my baby 
 I love you hailie 
 No more encore 
 No more LP 
 No more aftermath 
 No more shady 
 I really love you hailie 
 Ill never leave you 
 'Cause you're my baby 
 I hate rap I even hate shady 
 I should have never made hi you know what, maybe 
 But hailie I still love tyou 
 Nothing in this world is not above you 
 I love the way you smile 
 You do nice things 
 When I come back home 
 I'm a buy u a diamond ring 
 You're my everything 
 And everything is youwhen we stand close together 
 This is our stormy weather 
 I love the way you smile 
 I hate to play in 8 mile 
 Teach me how to love you better 
 So this could be a nice sunny weather 
 I love how you feel 
 And I know you keep it real 
 I'm furreal that I love you this is between 1 and 2 
 H A I L I E
 Rick Ross: 
 Hello Good morning tell me what the lip read 
 Pretty face, thin waist with the sick weave 
 First time fish tailing in the 6 speed 
 Real bad boy tell 'em come and get me 
 I'm at the fight, been kinda like Bellmen 
 Only took the trip to the truck twice 
 Unpacked the Mac 11 and air max's 
 Stuff six figures in my damn air mattress 
 Uh, I'm in love with large bills 
 A dime with a fat ass, thin waist and tall heels 
 Yeah, it's the teflon Don, 
 Hundred carrots in the charm tryna give it back to Sean. 
 Diddy: 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Lets go, lets ride, 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Know you've been waiting for it 
 'Cause I seen you watching 
 So lets go 
 Let's get it popping 
 Dirty Money: 
 'Cause I've been leaning on the bar 
 Looking cleaner than the star 
 All these broads wont give me my props 
 25 on the bank I be stunting on their ass 
 And they mad cause the bitch won't stop 
 Diddy - Dirty Money - Chorus: 
 Got your boyfriend feeling like a groupie 
 (You know, you know, we know, we on that) 
 Stuntin like you looking like a movie 
 (You know, you know, we know, we on that) 
 And everybody know who the truth be 
 (You know, you know, we know, we on that) 
 I blow 'cause I'm blowing on the oh wee 
 (You know, you know, we know, we on that) 
 Hello 
 Nicki Minaj: 
 I came up in it a little bit self centered 
 But did I kill a Queen 
 Alexander McQueen's got a wrist on glow 
 The bottles is on po' 
 Got that shibby shibby yeah shibby yeah ayou! 
 What the fuck I look like bitch I run this town 
 I ain't coming out for less than a 100 thou 
 Man, the last time I checked I was bubbling out 
 Got to turn down shows, out in Dublin now 
 Wait wait hold on, maybe they didn't get that here 
 Like 11 hundred horses when I switch that gear 
 Swerve on them sorta like I missed that dear 
 Press that little button on the sit back chair 
 Bitch I do it 'cause I get it 
 I got billion dollar credit 
 If you got a million dollars you could put it up in bet it 
 I just be like hello hello but I never could salute them 
 Young money I do it for the yout dem! 
 (Diddy) 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Lets go, lets ride, 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Hello, Good evening 
 You blow, you feindin' 
 'Cause you know that your really needed 
 And I'm the one that you wanna be with 
 But right now baby you dreaming 
 Wake up and turn the lights off 
 Dirty Money: 
 'Cause I've been leaning on the bar 
 Looking cleaner than the star 
 All these broads wont give me my props 
 25 on the bank I be stunting on their ass 
 And they mad cause the bitch won't stop 
 Diddy: 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Lets go, lets work, 
 Hello, Good morning 
 Lets go, lets work, 
 Hello, 
 Turn me up a little bit more, I don't think they can hear me 
 Check this out 
 Bad Boy bitch 
 Lets work 
 Come on 
 Lets work 
 Non stop lets rock lets work 
 Make you feel good too 
 Don't stop I see you lets work 
 It's that dirty money 
 Uh, How fly is he 
 Your baby momma cry for me like Jodeci 
 So how you not notice me 
 Pull up to the club in the coldest V 
 Ugh. literally though little did he know how that nigga Diddy flow 
 How that nigga Diddy go so hard like a crowbar still getting dough 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa 
 Yeah I like this, can you feel it 
 Nothing can save ya 
 It's that Dirty money
 Aiyyo Head, that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker! 
 {*Beat changes to 2Pac's "Hit 'Em Up"*} 
 Kill Whitey! - Hahaha 
 Kill Whitey! - Detroit! What? What? 
 Kill Whitey! - ... yo, yo 
 Kill Whitey! - Haha! Look 
 First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say 
 Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay 
 You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White 
 So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight 
 Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip 
 Whitey Ford, forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead 
 I keep 'em comin' while you runnin' out of breath 
 Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest 
 Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya 
 With your three CD's, nobody sees, when they released 
 Evidence, don't fuck around with 
 Real 
 MC's 
 Who ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks 
 I let you faggots know it's on for life 
 But Everlast might die tonight, haha 
 Fat boy murdered on wax and killed 
 Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know! 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady 
 Call the doctor to heal your heart 
 They shocked you back to life at the clinic 
 But you 'bout to get relapsed any minute 
 Honkey, I hit 'em up! 
 Hahaha, yo 
 Check 
 This out 
 You faggots ain't even on my level 
 I'ma let D-12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots! 
 (Kon Artis) 
 Yo! Get out the way yo, get out the way yo 
 Whitey Ford's heart just stopped 
 Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack 
 Whitey Ford's gettin' his ass floored for talkin' back 
 Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are 
 At your own restaurant, while I'm servin' ya 
 Drop and stomp your whole heart till it stops 
 Call the cops, I'ma beat your ass while they watch 
 (Kuniva) 
 Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin' fun of you Erik 
 Where's your House of Pain now? There's only one of you Erik 
 You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round 
 With some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge 
 (Eminem) 
 Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still 
 This ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin' killed 
 With his chest open 
 Tryin' to throw a fuckin' punch, but you just chokin 
 Havin' a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime 
 Cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme 
 Talkin' 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me 
 You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me 
 I'm a paleface killer whale 
 On his way to fuckin' prison, pistol whippin tail, ha 
 Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day? 
 That shit was obvious you probably was gay, ha 
 Now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop 
 Forty-nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop 
 While my 
 Sales 
 Makin' records break 
 Two and a half million scanned by the second week 
 Motherfucker I hit 'em up! 
 (Proof) 
 I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave., where bullets tear you in half 
 Fuck the music, we got an uzi for all you fags 
 Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated you violated 
 Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you 
 Iriscience get choked up and yoked up 
 All you underground bitches get your throats cut 
 (Swifty) 
 What the fuck?! Is you stupid? 
 I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin' guitar cord 
 And 
 Stuff 
 Him in cardboard, chopped up in a box 
 With sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart 
 D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch 
 Keep your restaurant locked and block your door 
 'Cause we "Hit 'Em Up" like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur 
 (Eminem) 
 You a, "Black Jesus," heart attack seizures 
 Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases 
 White devil, washed up honkey 
 Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country 
 {*Laughing*} 
 Yo, aiyyo cut this shit off 
 {*Needle drags, beat stops*} 
 Fuck him, that's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done, that's it 
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise 
 I just believe in kickin a man while he's down 
 God damn! I quit 
 Mention my daughter's name in a song again you fuckin' punk
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Come on hit me with my best, 
 Come on hit me with my best 
 Come on hit me with my best 
 Verse 1 [Bizarre]: 
 Proof died, what happened? Marshall stopped rappin' 
 I guess that makes me the captain, hit the matress, pistol packin' 
 Sick assassin, bitch to gassin', get to mashin' 
 D-12 broke up, were you bitches askin' 
 Our clique relaxin' in the hills of Aspen, poppin' pills and Aspirin 
 And I'm the machine that brought Marshall back to life 
 Told him that my rhymes just have to be tight 
 So I figured that I would grab the mic 
 Like a nig*a 'bout to rhyme right after Christ 
 Sometimes we get mad and fight, right back to the lab tonight 
 Grab an oath in the afterlife, that's only right 
 Living like a rock star is the only life 
 And we are, 6 grown men, who are old friends 
 My nig*a Bugz, DeShaun Holton 
 All the way down, I'ma hold them, D-12 nig*a, till the world end 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Come on hit me with my best, 
 Coke on hit me with my best 
 Come on hit me with my best 
 Verse 2 [Swifty]: 
 A lotta nig*as try to underestimate me 
 Till I come back with vengeance and slice their trachea 
 Y'all been placed on a contract for hatin' 
 I'ma waste 'em, one by one, for taintin' 
 Ability to kill a facility, I'm a sinner of Satan 
 Fast as a child rapist facin' 
 Life or trifle, Henny has made me in waitin' 
 They gon' lock me up under the basement 
 I'm a one man army, marine and navy 
 You done made me angry 
 I'm crazy, insane, and maybe 
 I bite the face off your baby 
 For anyone who try to diss Proof or Hailie 
 I'ma break their Halo 
 Put 'em on the reaper's payroll, erase them and hang their soul 
 It ain't no hoes here, McVay s got a scroll 
 With names on it, dipped in blood, man I'm cold 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Come on hit me with my best, 
 Coke on hit me with my best 
 Come on hit me with my best 
 Verse 3 [Kuniva]: 
 I know you thought we were done, we rose up 
 Got a gun to make your whole inside fold up 
 And hit us with the best shot and we're still standin' 
 So tell the world it can lick our scrotum 
 Straight soldiers, who wanna stunt 
 Who wanna be the fall guy, who want the punt 
 Who wanna get fucked for lookin' at me sideways 
 Every time I roll up I'ma keep it blunt 
 Where did y'all run when we almost lost Marshall 
 Y'all did it big like Costco 
 And we back in this bitch like a tampon 
 Still fuck dirty, Em's clean like a bar o' soap 
 And you were so slick, on some baffoon shit 
 My hand's on a sweeper, your was on a broomstick 
 Stop lookin' all stupid, I'm rude and abusive 
 And strapped, don't make me use it 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot, 
 Hit me with your best shot, hit me with your best shot. 
 Come on hit me with my best, 
 Coke on hit me with my best 
 Come on hit me with my best 
 Verse 4 [Eminem]: 
 Aight, here's where I come in at... 
 I came in this game with, bad intentions, 
 And I ain't budged, not even an inch since then 
 I'm stubborn, evil, and insensitive 
 I'm like nothing you ever seen, pencil in 
 Hand, it's like I'm holding the insulin, 
 So you might wanna button it like Benjamin 
 I ain't frightened of nothing, I injure men 
 Step right in this mark with my henchmen and 
 Walk, straight to the stage, 
 I ain't here to cause trouble, get the fuck out my face 
 Fall back, little cocksucker, I ain't A&W 
 Don't get your cold mugs in my way 
 Get 'em? Shattered, fuckin' A 
 Been this way since B.C., what can I say? 
 I'm stuck in my ways like double stick tape 
 Don't get turned to a vegetable dick face 
 You ain't Superman, stay in your lane, Lois 
 D-12 spittin' flames like flamethrowers 
 Spit till we get sprained jaws with metaphors 
 That cut with the same force as chainsaws 
 Hope you're coming with your A game, 
 'Cause things have changed in this game, isn't the same game, boys 
 The stakes have been raised, better make lemonade 
 When they give you lemons, if they want us, let 'em aim for us
 You and me we were the pretenders 
 We let it all slip away 
 In the end what you don't surrender 
 Well the world just strips away 
 Girl, ain't no kindness in the face of strangers 
 Ain't gonna find no miracles here 
 Well you can wait on your blesses my darlin' 
 I got a deal for you right here 
 I ain't lookin' for praise or pity 
 I ain't comin' 'round searchin' for a crutch 
 I just want someone to talk to 
 And a little of that human touch 
 Just a little of that human touch 
 Ain't no mercy on the streets of this town 
 Ain't no bread from heavenly skies 
 Ain't nobody drawin' wine from this blood 
 It's just you and me tonight 
 Tell me, in a world without pity 
 Do you think what I'm askin's too much 
 I just want something to hold on to 
 And a little of that human touch 
 Just a little of that human touch 
 Oh girl that feeling of safety you prize 
 Well it comes at a hard hard price 
 You can't shut off the risk and the pain 
 Without losin' the love that remains 
 We're all riders on this train 
 So you've been broken and you've been hurt 
 Show me somebody who ain't 
 Yeah, I know I ain't nobody's bargain 
 But, hell, a little touch up 
 And a little paint 
 You might need somethin' to hold on to 
 When all the answers, they don't amount to much 
 Somebody that you could just to talk to 
 And a little of that human touch 
 Baby, in a world without pity 
 Do you think what I'm askin's too much 
 I just want to feel you in my arms 
 Share a little of that human touch 
 Share a little of that human touch 
 Feel a little of that human touch 
 Feel a little of that human touch 
 Share a little of that human touch 
 Feel a little of that human touch 
 Give you a little of that human touch 
 Give me a little of that human touch
 [Eminem](Chorus) 
 'Cause I can be calm, I can be cool, 
 I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do 
 Whatever you want me to be, I can be it, 
 Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know 
 And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being 
 The prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies 
 So however you want it, you got it, you can get it 
 Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, 'cause we servin' it. 
 However you want it, Bitch. 
 (Helleva - Verse 1) 
 However, whoever, anytime, whenever, whatever I'm coming with 9's or betta 
 I'll put 2 in your medula oblongota, walk around this bitch worry free 
 Like hakuna matata, get grimey ain't a theme boy I'm used to the drama 
 I take beat to the extreme, man I'll shoot at your momma, man these faggots 
 Done make me lose all my patience, I got all kinds of guns for all occasions 
 Got rap niggas running like Walter Payton, hit 'em with the full matic have em 
 Harlem Shakin' hop on the phone and make a call to Satan, let him know that you coming 
 So when you get there my dogs is waiting I'll rob you an thank ya, blast ya an shank ya 
 Even your man's will be like "NOW THAT NIGGAS GANGSTA" 
 I don't give a fuck who you with or who you get 'cause I'm a lunatic an you a bitch. 
 [Eminem](Chorus) 
 'Cause I can be calm, I can be cool, 
 I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do 
 Whatever you want me to be, I can be it, 
 Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know 
 And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being 
 The prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies 
 So however you want it, you got it, you can get it 
 Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, 'cause we servin' it. 
 However you want it, Bitch. 
 (Helleva - Verse 2) 
 I'm king kong, I got "I ain't never scared" on my ringtone, that's my theme song 
 44 with the beam on, if my niggas got drama I'm that shoulder to lean on. 
 Helleva coming through with that soldier fatigue on at they door like DING DONG 
 Show 'em the beef on and once its on, there no fixing it, my killas do this shit 
 For fun, I can't tell 'em "Don't get in it" don't run up on ya whip, put a whole clip in it 
 I tell 'em I owe him one, he'll tell me "don't mention it." You scared to come out, that's all right 
 We gon take shifts and shoot up your house all night. Pop four about yo bushes an unload on yo ass 
 Leave you layin on the street with a hole in yo ass buss a few a come back an run over yo ass 
 If you think a nigga looney you just don't know the half. 
 [Eminem](Chorus) 
 'Cause I can be calm, I can be cool, 
 I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do 
 Whatever you want me to be, I can be it, 
 Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know 
 And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being 
 The prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies 
 So however you want it, you got it, you can get it 
 Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, 'cause we servin' it. 
 However you want it, Bitch. 
 (Helleva - Verse 3) 
 Anytime you ready, I could while out or I could be calm an deadly, I'm like oh dog an menace 
 Like tom an belly, I'm a cross between jason saddam and freddy. Tougher than leather, beretta 
 Tuck under the leather, extended clip, make it seem like I'm bussin foreva. When an got me 3 bananas 
 And I stuck 'em together. Leave a muhfucka sick like he under the weather, niggas be like my man sweet 
 You can't beat him at rappin', they be like you wrong as hell, when I see him I'll slap him 
 To be honest I ain't into all that battle rap shit, I got something on my hip 
 You could battle that bitch? it'll lift you off your feet an make you acro-bat-ic 
 Tell a joke an ask a nigga what you laughin' at bitch? He ain't know he could get clapped 
 For that shit go to jail an tell a judge that nigga asked for that shit. 
 [Eminem](Chorus) 
 'Cause I can be calm, I can be cool, 
 I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do 
 Whatever you want me to be, I can be it, 
 Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know 
 And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being 
 The prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies 
 So however you want it, you got it, you can get it 
 Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, 'cause we servin' it. 
 However you want it, Bitch. 
 'Cause I can be calm, I can be cool 
 I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do 
 Whatever you want me to be, I can be it 
 Whatever side you want me to show, you just let me know 
 And I'll let you see it 
 I got a college degree in being a prick, if you push me 
 Won't hesitate to stick my dick in you pussies 
 So however you want it, we got it 
 You can get it anyway you like it 
 Whichever way you prefer it, 'cause we servin' it 
 However you want it, Bitch
 (Phone Rings) 
 Eminem 
 Hello? 
 What Up? 
 Hello? 
 Yo I Can-I Can't hear you 
 Let me call you right back 
 I sense someone's tapping into my phones, why do 
 I got this feeling in my bones, I might die soon 
 The F.B.I. might be tryin' to pull my files soon 
 I might be walking, blindfold into a typhoon 
 I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky 
 Right outside of the window, of my living room 
 And if they do 
 Then you can say goodnight and bye bye to them iTunes 
 If I don't try to, record as much before I do 
 The plan is to have as many in the can as I can 
 As I stand before you in this booth a walking dead man 
 Blank stare, dead pan 
 Look on my face is a gaze into space 
 As I wait to be scooped up in that van 
 Just mysteriously disappear into thin air 
 And they gon say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere 
 And I go down into history 
 As the blood suckin leech 
 Who hid behind the freedom of speech 
 Tried to take the fifth amendment 
 Use it, twist it and bend it 
 And ended up dying a villain out the hero's splinters 
 The bendest way to end this 
 I can feel the trim its tremendous 
 In remembrance of September 11th 
 Flashback to September 7th 
 When Tupac was murdered in Vegas 
 He said that he predicted his own death 
 Let us never forget it 
 Should we ever live to regret it 
 Like the day that John F. Kennedy was assassinated 
 In broud day by that crazed lunatic with a gun 
 Who just happened to work in the same block 
 In the library book depository where 
 The president would go for a little Friday stroll 
 Shots fired from the Grassy knoll 
 But they don't know 
 But do they? 
 Who's they for 'em to say? 
 Tushay, we're all gonna revolve in a spook-ay 
 This is as bout as cook-ay as I've ever felt now 
 Countdown a nuclear meltdown 
 7,6,5,4 3,2,1 
 You can run 
 You can do what you want to 
 But you you know you ain't gonna do nothing 
 When its time, it's your time 
 You are the prime target 
 You have become 
 Public enemy number one
 Well Jimmy moved in with his mother 
 'Cause he ain't got no place to go 
 And now I'm right back in the gutter 
 With a garbage bag that's full of clothes 
 'Cause 
 You live at home in a trailor 
 What the hell you gonna do? 
 Yee haw 
 'Cause 
 I live at home in a trailor 
 Mom I'm coming home for you 
 Break it down 
 Well my name is Jimmy 
 His name is Greg Beau 
 Me him and you we went to the same school 
 This ain't cool 
 I'm in a race 
 He's tappin' my mom 
 We're almost the same age 
 On the microphone I drop bombs 
 Look at this car 
 Thanks a lot mom 
 Here Happy Birthday Rabbit 
 Here's a brand new car 
 You can have it 
 A 1928 Delta 
 This shit wont even get me to the shelter 
 'Cause 
 You live at home in a trailor 
 What the hell you gonna do? 
 'Cause 
 I live at home in a trailor 
 Mom I'm coming home for you
 Eminem: you still love me? 
 (Kim): (sniffles) 
 Eminem: take this (click, click)...ready? (her sniffle again) 1, 2, 3 (bang bang) 
 The more you, put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers 
 You throw them at me 
 I know its sad but its making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, 
 The more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me 
 And I love you more 
 Its sick but who could ever predict 
 We'd be doin' the same shit 
 We say we do it for our baby, but we don't 
 We do it for us, its lust 
 'Cause neither one of us trusts each other 
 So we fuck till we bust 
 And then we cuss each other, out, 
 We know what its about 
 And shout till I throw you out the house, 
 You throw me out the house, 
 I throw you on the couch, 
 Punch you in the mouth 
 Fist fight till we turn this mother out 
 And apologize after, laughter, pain 
 Its insane, were back in the same chapter again, 
 And its sad but its true, when I'm layin here wit'chu 
 There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say or ever do 'cause 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers 
 You throw them at me 
 I know its sad but its making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, 
 The more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me 
 And I love you more 
 'Cause I hate you, do you hate me? 
 Good 'cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry 
 It makes me, wanna just take you 
 And just throw you on the bed 
 And fuck you like I don't even know you 
 You fuck other people and I fuck other people 
 You're a slut but I'm equal, ima mut 
 We're both evil in our ways 
 But neither one of us would ever admit it 
 'Cause one of us would have one up on the other, so forget it 
 People make, accusations, people spread rumors, 
 But they ain't got proof 
 Till they do, its just the two of us, it's you and me 
 'Cause any chick can say that she's screwin me 
 But you gotta believe me to a degree 'cause you're in deep 
 If you didn't I wouldn't be hitting 
 Yeah I would 'cause the sex is just too damn good 
 If I ran, who would I run to? 
 Who would be this soft and warm 
 So its off and on, usually more off than on 
 But at least we know, 
 That we share this common bond 
 You're the only one I could fuck without a condom on 
 I hope, the only reason that I cope 
 Is 'cause of that fact and plus I can bust in that 
 And that's why 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers 
 You throw them at me 
 I know its sad but its making me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me 
 And I love you more 
 I can never understand it, 
 That's why I don't try 
 From junior high, until we both die 
 Its silly oh why, must we try? 
 Is it really so rough? 
 Did we must and always call 
 Each others billy-goat's gruff? 
 Try to pull each others legs, until the other begs, 
 Were lying to ourselves 
 That's the beauty of it, yeah 
 'Cause we truly love each other 
 That's why we always fight, 
 And all we do is shove each other 
 Every other fuckin' night 
 And its clear, it ain't gonna change 
 This pin up rage, we both have, 
 And we both feel like we've been upstaged 
 By someone else, we've both been someone else 
 With someone else 
 The problem is, neither one wont tell 
 It's an addiction, and it can't be fixed 
 Our familys mixed up 
 There's baby sister in the mix 
 And it hurts, 'cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit 
 And anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit 
 And they're probably just tired of hearing it all the time, 
 On every song, every lyric and every rhyme, 
 All the hoop-lah, all of the whoopty woo, 
 What you put me through, fuckin' whoopty-doo 
 But I won't be made a fool of, 
 If this is true love, you wouldn't do what you did last time, 
 You wouldn't screw up this time, 
 'Cause this time, girl I'm telling you what, 
 You do it again I'm fucking you up, 
 No matter what 
 What you say, what you do, 
 Ima hunt you down till I find you 
 No matter where you run 
 I'll be right there, right behind you 
 And in your nightmares I surround you. 
 I buy you flowers, and candy 
 All the times that you threw them back at me 
 Told me you hate me 
 You gonna hate me more 
 When you find out, 
 You can't escape me whorrrre 
 The more you, put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more. 
 You don't want me, I just want you more. 
 I buy you flowers 
 You throw them at me 
 I know its sad but its making me happy. 
 The more that you slap me, 
 The more that it turns me on, 
 'Cause you love me 
 And I love you more.
 Ya mother... fuckin' faggot 
 Hey yo... this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Schrody 
 Rest in peace 
 We'll never forget about you... fuckin' homo 
 We'll still remember 
 There once was a man who liked to jump around. (jump around) (yo) 
 But he got too old to jump up and down. (up and down) (so then what happened?) 
 So he put the mic down and picked a guitar up. (picked a guitar up) (and then he what?) 
 Started singin' the blues like there was no tomorrow. (no tomorrow) (come on) 
 Left his boys in the House of Pain. (in the House of Pain) (biach) 
 It was the wisest decision he ever made. (ever made) 
 But the dumbest thing that he could ever do. (he could ever do) (was what?) 
 Was try ta buck a 380 on those that act shady 
 Tell me now whatchu gonna do? (now whatchu gonna do?) (haha) 
 'Cause I remember all those years (yeah) 
 How it was when you were here (c'mon) 
 I remember how it was (what) 
 How it was when you were young (yeah) 
 Yesterday was so long ago (long ago) 
 Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 
 I remember back when you had the knack. (had the knack) (hahahahaha) 
 And I remember when you had your first heart attack. (heart attack) (*wheezing noise) 
 I was right there laughin' when I heard the news. (heard the news) 
 I just wish the cardiac would've murdered you. (would've murdered you) (damn) 
 Maybe Ice T's right, you are a bitch. (you are a bitch) (maybe he's right) 
 You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich (leave when you're rich) (haha) 
 But the dumbest thing you could ever do (that you could ever do) (was what?) 
 Was try ta buck a 380 on those that act shady 
 Tell me now whatchu gonna do? (now whatchu gonna do?) 
 'Cause I remember all those years. (what?) 
 How it was when you were here. (come on) 
 I remember how it was. (what?) 
 How it was when you were young 
 Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago) 
 Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more. (Yo yo yo yo yo yo) 
 Remember back in '94 
 Like right before Miss Everlast was Whitey Ford 
 Before his heart attack had him on life support. (beep beep) 
 When House of Pain was out of fame 
 Like someone doused the flame 
 And they became destined to never jump around again 
 Or even further back, when I first had heard the knack 
 When you were down with syndicate 
 I went to get the shit, man I was into it 
 But then you went, and took your style, and switched the shit 
 Now you sound ridiculous 
 You dickless piece of shit, how could you diss me bitch? (huh?) 
 I liked you, thought you was all right for a white dude 
 Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you 
 Started rhymin' then you left the room and didn't say goodbye or nothin' 
 Like you mad that someone else was white and tryin' ta rhyme or somethin' 
 I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin' ta steal your light or nothin' 
 But you're a homosexual, white rappin' Irish (unknown) 
 Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a (unknown) too 
 Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do 
 What's up witchu? 
 I never fucked witchu, why would you fuck with me? 
 Knowin' I could rap circles around you, what? Is you nuts as me? 
 Plus I can sing better than you, and I don't fuckin' sing 
 And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string 
 But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you 
 I'm what you used to be; shit, you was me in '92 
 So every time I write a lyric, I'ma think of you 
 And maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues 
 (La-di-da) 
 'Cause I remember all those years 
 How it was when you were here. (I know) 
 I remember how it was. (how it was) 
 How it was when you were young. (when you were young) 
 Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago) 
 Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 
 'Cause I remember all those years. (what) 
 How it was when you were here. (come on) 
 I remember how it was. (how it was) 
 How it was when you were young 
 Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago) 
 Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 
 Fuckin' homo (pussy) 
 Fuckin' faggot sissy (fuck) 
 And by the way, 380's a fuckin' sissy gun. (homo) 
 You gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin' real gun. (don't fuck wit me) 
 Little bitch 
 Next time say my fuckin' name in the song 
 Don't be subliminal about it. (you know) 
 You gonna diss me, fuckin' diss me, fuckin' faggot 
 Fuckin' punk pussy 
 Fuckin' little bitch 
 Fuckin' cunt 
 Little fuckin'...fuck
 A lot of people ask me, am I afraid of death? 
 Hell yeah I'm afraid of death I don't want to die yet 
 A lot of people think that I worship the devil 
 That I do all types of retarded shit 
 Look, I can't change the way I think 
 And I can't change the way I am 
 But if I offended you [Unverified] Good 
 'Cause I still don't give a fuck 
 I'm zonin' off of one joint, stoppin' a limo 
 Hopped in the window, shoppin' a demo at gunpoint 
 A lyricist without a clue, what year is this? 
 Fuck a needle, here's a sword, body pierce with this 
 Livin' amuk, never givin' a fuck 
 Gimme the keys I'm drunk and I've never driven a truck 
 But I smoke dope in a cab 
 I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab 
 Come back the next week and re-open your scab yeah 
 A killer instinct runs in the blood 
 Emptyin' full clips and buryin' guns in the mud 
 I've calmed down now I was heavy once into drugs 
 I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz 
 My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn 
 The rest of my body's still bein' operated on 
 I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin' this time 
 For all the weed that I've smoked yo this blunt's for you 
 To all the people I've offended yeah fuck you too! 
 To all the friends I used to have yo I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done yo I'm still gon' do 
 To all the people I've offended yeah fuck you too! 
 For every time I reminisce yo I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my asss 
 I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you 
 And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue 
 I'll hang you till you dangle and chain you with both ankles 
 And pull you apart from both angles 
 I wanna crush your skull till your brains leaks out of your veins 
 And bust open like broken water mains 
 So tell Saddam not to bother with makin' another bomb 
 'Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm 
 Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm 
 So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb 
 Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on 
 And the pants to match 
 (Here momma try 'em on) 
 I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives 
 A brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives 
 (Shittin on rappers) 
 Causin' hospital accidents 
 God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 
 For all the weed that I've smoked yo this blunt's for you 
 To all the people I've offended yeah fuck you too! 
 To all the friends I used to have yo I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done yo I'm still gon' do 
 To all the people I've offended yeah fuck you too! 
 For every time I reminisce yo I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass 
 I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it 
 Spend a million a track and went over my budget oh shit! 
 Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt? 
 I can't rap anymore I just murdered the alphabet 
 Drug sickness got me doin' some bugged twitches 
 I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches 
 I don't rap to get the women fuck bitches 
 Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes 
 Never ran with a click I'm a posse 
 Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me 
 From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
 I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy 
 I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
 My worst day on this earth was my first birthday 
 Retarded, what did that nurse say, Brain damage 
 Fuck, I was born during the earthquake 
 For all the weed that I've smoked yo this blunt's for you 
 To all the people I've offended yeah fuck you too! 
 To all the friends I used to have yo I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done yo I'm still gon' do 
 To all the people I've offended yeah fuck you too! 
 For every time I reminisce yo I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass
 (Eminem) + (Obie Trice) 
 KaySlay! (Yeah) Yo... 
 Drama King! (Yeah!) 
 Check it out, check it out - O. Trice! 
 (Shady Records nigga, it's goin' down once again boy) 
 It's just a scratch man (Let's go Em) 
 (Eminem) 
 I +Murder+ this +Inc+ as soon as I touch the page 
 You ain't gon' have no other choice but to rush the stage 
 And charge the mic, and I hope you got the heart to fight 
 Cause you gon' have to, cause you ain't got the smarts to write 
 Somethin' that good, to try to come back at me with 
 What you gon' do, try to out-rap me with that happy shit? 
 You motherfuckers crack me up 
 Talkin' 'bout you gonna smack me up, y'all won't even back me up 
 Throw up your paws, you pussies can't even scratch me hard 
 It's like fuckin' Castor Claw tryna jack me off 
 You think I'm afraid? What you tryna throw some fear in me? 
 You think I'm dumb enough to roll with no security? {*gun clicks*} 
 I'm doin' my best to try to show maturity 
 But don't sit there and stare at me like hoes and sneer at me 
 Like it's supposed to be scarin me 
 Like I won't leap clean over this fuckin' V.I.P. rope and throw this chair 
 At anyone close or near me tryna approach me physically 
 'Cause he don't spit lyrically 
 And he knows that my flow's so sick, this hoe's on my dick 
 And he's so sick of hearin me, my posters is starin' at him 
 But I don't think he knows the severity 
 Of what it could escalate to or that it could grow so seriously 
 If I go hysterically; 'cause I guarantee 
 There's no one in here that would resort like a childhood 
 Any quicker than I would, or hit you with plywood 
 Especially when I'm sippin on this liquor and tonic 
 One swig of this bottle I'ma go upside your head so hard with it 
 The mark from it'll be so dark that it'll leave a scar so big 
 You'll be able to read a label from the motherfuckin 
 Sticker that's on it; I'm sick of the nonsense 
 Shit is ridiculous and I refuse to let it get to this point 
 Where I'ma let you sit on my conscience - I'm gone bitch, Yeah! 
 (Obie Trice) + (Eminem) 
 I'm gone bitch 
 Shady Records motherfucker, we gone bitch 
 I said we gone bitch, so long bitch 
 Catch up if you can (whoo!) we movin on bitch (UHH!) 
 (Obie Trice) 
 Now who you know been to Kyoto, Tokyo 
 Off of one debut, screamin, "I'm in Janai yo!" 
 Obie Trice, sho' you right 
 He done seen overseas, he's not a prototype (nah) 
 Nobody's protg, Em only showed O. the way 
 Fuck what the media say 
 If you listen to music then you should know that O. Trice fused it 
 In a matter where he speaks how the streets views it 
 Choose, to translate it through the art of music 
 And started usin' it reachin' the youth influenced by the truth in it (truth!) 
 And as a boy, a man, I ran from boys in vans 
 Do the knowledge, acknowledge and try to comprehend 
 Hand full of contraband 
 A product of my environment, narcotics and violence 
 Inspires the content, but my intent is 
 To retire these tired-ass writers in si-lence (yeah!) 
 Cause haters they hate us cause Shady became famous 
 And claimed the rap game when they thought he'd be nameless (hah!) 
 But racist accusations won't change us 
 Let the truth be told, you think O. will be over here 
 Like, "Massa, show 'em you got soul" - no! 
 Anybody knows us know this not how we roll 
 So, I still push the bucket 
 If I ain't trust it I wouldn't fuck with it 
 But fuck it, I'm gone bitch! {*two gunshots*}
 How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges 
 Hes already got life in jail man what the hell is his problem 
 Well to be honest, the smell of these chronic leafs make me hella demonic 
 They compelled me to kill this elderly man 
 And I get these panic attacks, 
 Pop a xanax relapse 
 Tryin' to stick my fuckin' dick inside a mannequins ass 
 Then I get manic depressed 
 See the orthodontist get gas masked 
 Man it's kick ass 
 The first thing I put on is the mask 
 Speakin' of masks 
 Man it ain't to late to have a change of pace 
 And take it off and show my face 
 So you can see the things you facin 
 Slice you up and cook you after you murder my strangulation 
 That's bacon souffle you makin' ain't you but thank you jason 
 There goes one more coma 
 Through the blood force trauma 
 Just give me one more soma 
 And I'll be done for Omama 
 Go in the damn broom closet 
 Another valium lost it 
 Shovin the vacuum nozzle 
 Down the bathroom faucet 
 It seems like everyday I get a little flakier 
 The medication is making my hands a little shakier 
 Hand me that 18 month old baby to shake him up 
 It'll only take me a 
 Second to choke his trachea 
 Breakin his neck in 80 some places 
 Baby here shady comes lady 
 Hes got the razor for blazin' the chchchchay ainsaw baby 
 You bubublunderin bumblin mumumumublin dum dums yeah 
 Here I come come you hear the rumblin rum rum 
 There something inside the blue talkin' that drum drum 
 My head and torso someone whered it come from 
 Whose it belong to maybe the girl with the long blonde hair 
 Who disappeared and left the cheer leader pom poms 
 Clearly there something wrong 'cause she didn't come home 
 She's missing where is she something is going on 
 I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitch fork with the long prongs 
 Now everybody get your dance on to my dance song
 (Sample) 
 Torture chambers, secret passageways, vats of acid and deadly vaults 
 Oh... 
 Oh... 
 *Guess, who's back* 
 I said 'Oh',... 
 I said 'Oh',... 
 *Guess, who's back* 
 I said man, damn, oh 
 *Guess, who's back* 
 Damn it feels good to be back, I'm having a relapse 
 How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges? 
 He's already got life in jail, man, what the hell is his problem? 
 Well, to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic 
 They've compelled me to kill this elderly man 
 And I get these panic attacks, Pop a Xana-x, relax 
 Tryna stick my fuckin' dick inside a mannequin's ass 
 Then I get manic depressed, see the orthodontist get gassed 
 Man, it's kickass, the first thing I put on is the mask 
 Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of face 
 And take it off and show my face so you can see the things you facin' 
 Slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation 
 That's bacon souffle you makin', ain't you? Well, thank you Jason 
 There goes one more coma due to blunt force trauma 
 Just give me one more Soma and I'll be done for, mama 
 Go in the damn broom closet, another Valium, lost it 
 Shovin' the vacuum nozzle down the bathroom faucet 
 It seems like every day I get a little flakier 
 The medication is making my hands a little shakier 
 Hand me the 18 month old baby to shake 'em up 
 It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea 
 Breakin' his neck in eightysome places Baby, he's Shady comes lady 
 He's got the razor-b-blades and the ch-ch-chain-s-saw, baby 
 You b-b-blundering, bumbling m-m-mumbling dum-dum 
 Yeah, here I come-come, do you hear the rumbling? Vrum-vrum 
 There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum-drum 
 My head and torso are some won' where they come from 
 Who's it belong to, maybe the girl with the long blonde 
 Hair, who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms 
 Clearly there's some' wrong 'cause she didn't come home 
 She's missing. Where is she? Something fishy is goin' on 
 I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs 
 Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song, come on
 All these little young kids ain't got no direction 
 Shit, these lil kids is on everything 
 Syrup. Painkillers. Cigarette. Weed. Hennessy. Vodka. hahaha ha 
 I'm on everything (x5) 
 Syrup. Painkillers. Cigarette. Weed. Hennessy. Vodka. hahaha ha 
 I'm on everything (x5) 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 I'm on syrup painkillers, cigarette, weed 
 Sober don't interest me 
 I'm on everything 
 Bout to sip the liquor like it's caine 
 That's how high I am 
 I take painkillers to ease the pain 
 Though I ain't in pain 
 No, we, ain't the same, we drunk 
 I'm on everything 
 'Cept when I kick it, gout 
 Me sobering up, ha, alf 
 Cash rules everything, acid tab, hash, 'rooms 
 I done woke up with a f-cking tiger in my bathroom 
 I am f-cking high, high, high, high 
 Menace to society I feel sorry for your mother 
 Me and Vicious on 'shrooms 
 Call us the Mario brothers 
 Back down, we never back down 
 Never laid out 
 Can't put my back down 
 Syrup, Painkillers, Cigarette, Weed, Hennessy, Vodka, 
 I'm on everything (x5) 
 (Eminem) 
 Painkillers, I call 'em 'caine pillars 
 'Cause they'll hold me up when I take 'em 
 I need a cane and pillows 
 I'm on everything 
 Sick when I kick it, barf 
 Me sobering up, fart 
 I crush ya brain like a pill crusher, lets crush a pill yeah 
 F-ck, I think I just crushed my last Tylenol 3 up 
 Grab the key up off the counter till the camp all left the crib 
 Man, whoda knew that 3 in the morning I'd still be up 
 Could barely see up over the steering wheel, crashed the whip, tore a tree up 
 On my way to the dealer's, tryna re-up 
 Call me Brett Favre, spell it F-A-V-R, E, yep 
 It's wrong, other words I just f-cked my RV up 
 Bitch, it's on again yeah, break that Klonopin in half 
 While I smoke some chronic in the cab with Donovan McNabb 
 And I dye my hair back blonde again and laugh 
 I'm the real macaroni you cheesy bitch, I'm demonic with the craft 
 There's a devil in my noodle, you angel hair pasta 
 Flows dreaded like some f-cking tangled hair rasta... 
 ...Farian, Jamaican, relax, man 
 I'll send a f-cking axe at you if you insist on a f-cking accent 
 Bad and Evil is back with an epidural, c heck ya girl 
 'Cause after we prop you up, we propping her up 
 So, baby, come put ya feet up in these stirrups 
 Your boyfriend better find another f-cking whore to smash the stir up 
 We rap like we're on 
 Syrup, Painkillers, Cigarette, Weed, Hennessy, Vodka, 
 I'm on everything (x5) 
 Syrup, Painkillers, Cigarette, Weed, Hennessy, Vodka, 
 I'm on everything (x5) 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 I'm on syrup painkillers, cigarette, speed 
 Uh, classic! 
 It's Eminem and him again, my sentiments exactly 
 I told that bitch to get at me, then the bitch attacked me 
 Kid you not, I'm lit up as f-ck, tablecloth tucked in my pants 
 Then I'm hearing dishes drop, 'cause I walked away from my dinner with schmucks 
 (Eminem) 
 Then I aimed to the front of the K-Mart shopping center 
 Wit' a coupon book and a hundred and ten bucks 
 And a bunch of change and wife beater with a mustard stain 
 I'll crush your brain like I'm crushing pills 
 What the f-ck's the muthf-cking deal? 
 This shit's making me feel like I'm tryna do a muthf-ckin cartwheel up a hill 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 How many bars, how many tabs? 
 A-c-i-d, y-e-s, 'cause I'm sniffin NYES 
 (Eminem) 
 F-u-c-ked up, and it's obvious 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 Smoking Henny in my chest 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm B-A-N-A-N-A-S 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 I'm a C-O-C-O-N-U-T 
 (Eminem) 
 Put this CD in and you'll see 
 The sequel to Scary Movie, bad is to evil, the roofie to Roethlisberger 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 You are gonna wind up six feet deep 
 Under that shits creek so I hope that you want preservers 
 (Eminem) 
 You could put a turd on the plate 
 Silverware on the tablecloth to serve us 
 You don't bring shit to the table 
 I mean your grill like a Seville when a mark gets murdered 
 You pushing the envelope, and I'm shovin' that whole post office further 
 Right off the surface, to the serpents in the darkest and the farthest corner 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 How many bars, how many bars 
 Maui, wowee, sour diesel, how many jars, 
 To all my people I'll be the Mars, mommy come on 
 She can actually wrap my nutsack 'round the back of her neck in a bathroom stall 
 And she can just puke from sipping this piss from my 24-inch catheter cord 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm the type that'll take a bath wit' a whore 
 Drown her, bang her head on the passenger door 
 When I'm stashin' 'er in the back, smackin' her forehead on the dash 
 And its accidentally blowin', a Benz jeep horn 
 (Royce) 
 My friends be knowin' that when I'm on a binge, I'm stingy 
 Even when I'm ten deep in a room with the MG and and wit' Lindsay Lohan and she on... 
 Eminem Ft. Royce Da 59 - I'm On Everything Lyrics
 Ok, I'm going to attempt to drown myself. 
 You can try this at home, 
 You can be just like me. 
 Slim Shady, brain dead like Jan Brady 
 I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady 
 I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 
 You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from 
 You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album 
 Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open 
 I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then 
 My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic 
 I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
 Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash 
 Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass 
 Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin 
 You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson 
 The +Proof+ is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton 
 I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman 
 Something's not right 
 I'm sorry, 
 I'm mentally retarded 
 Slim Shady 
 I think that's my name 
 This place is my house, I might as well erase my face wit white-out 
 'Cause y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?) 
 Climped out of a nice house, 
 Through the front window and heard this guy shout 
 "Hey that's my couch, bitch!" 
 Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout 
 While I'm rippin this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds 
 And murder you hoes worse than a convertible flippin vertical 
 Nose first wit the top off landin upside-down 
 You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape 
 I'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit my nuts shaved 
 And Sway and Tech, two disk jokeys 
 Breakin so many friggin needles I wonder if they inject 
 Something's not right 
 I'm sorry, 
 I'm mentally retarded 
 Slim Shady 
 I think that's my name 
 I'm ice grillin you, starin' you down with a gremlin grin 
 I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym 
 I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias 
 To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens 
 A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium 
 Than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
 A highly combustible head, spazmatic 
 Strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed 
 Laid up in the hospital in critical condition 
 I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician 
 High speed, IV full of thai weed 
 Lookin' Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese 
 Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians 
 Uh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins 
 I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends 
 On if I keep on killin' my girlfriends 
 Something's not right 
 I'm sorry, 
 I'm mentally retarded 
 Slim Shady 
 I think that's my name 
 Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust 
 And got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed 
 (Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say 
 I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play 
 I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day 
 Of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH) 
 Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin 
 Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine 
 Scratched my balls till I shredded skin 
 "Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been" 
 "It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then 
 I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
 That don't even make sense, like dykes usin' dildos
 Check check, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2 
 (It's rolling) 
 Yeah yeah yeah, Dr. Dre up in here 
 Y'all know what this is 
 It's what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap 
 Def Jam Records giving it to you baby 
 Yo Eminem, show these mother fuckers what time it is baby 
 I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit 
 Now if I only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet 
 Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it 
 I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident 
 I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam 
 I hate the straight jacket it ain't latching and can't lock it 
 So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets 
 The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it 
 Before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it 
 My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication 
 But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? 
 (Come on) 
 Anyway I got down with Dre 
 (What up?) 
 The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray 
 Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police" 
 When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth 
 (Fucking baby) 
 Became a role model after Colorado 
 Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo 
 Hell yeah, I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public 
 Suck my dick, bitch 
 I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't 
 'Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place 
 So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image 
 You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative 
 (Wanna Fight?) 
 I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking 
 Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket 
 So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling 
 A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does 
 I ain't buzzed, I'm juss high on life 
 So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites? 
 Motherfuckers, Slim Shady 
 Dr. Dre 
 I'm drunk pass the tec 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Keep it moving, off and on, Eminem is on 
 Off and on, Dr. Dre is on 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Keep it moving, off and on, Eminem is on 
 Off and on, Dr. Dre is on 
 The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire 
 I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron 
 Psych I'm just joking for Christ sake 
 Don't get so bent out of shape 
 'Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends 
 Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me 
 'Cause they don't know better 
 They don't know what the fuck it's like to be so fed up 
 And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up 
 My mind's got a mind of it's own 
 Sometimes I can't find it at home it hides in the stove 
 (Hello, where you at?) 
 Shit, talk about your brain being baked 
 My shit's still in the oven on 480 De-Grades 
 Hailey Jade, daddy loves you, baby 
 Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter, fuck you lady 
 You critics wanna criticize but couldn't visualize 
 Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes 
 The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing 
 And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit 
 I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth 
 And shove his head in the fan blade 
 Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say 
 Or change cause of the age range in my fan base 
 Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit 
 Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit 
 Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now 
 It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now 
 But now the white kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it 
 But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent 
 Either that or booed, that's why I keep an attitude 
 And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon 
 I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge 
 I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Keep it moving, off and on, Eminem is on 
 Off and on, Dr. Dre is on 
 'Cause if I get locked up tonight 
 Then I might not come home tonight 
 Keep it moving, off and on, Eminem is on 
 Off and on, Dr. Dre is on 
 Fuck that, turn that shit off 
 Let's get the fuck out of here 
 You know how we do
 You think you know me, please 
 You have no idea 
 You think my life is great, shit 
 I cover up the tears 
 But inside my scalp, it starts 
 A burn in hell 
 Thoughts of hurtin' myself and homicide is real 
 But you can't tell 'cause I'm good at hiding myself 
 I've got a lot of problems 
 That I've never shared with no one else 
 I've been to a lot of doctors 
 But the shit never helps 
 They just stuff me with the pills for all the pain that I felt 
 And as we press the gression got me naked in depression 
 Got me playin' Russian Roulette with this smith and wesson 
 Remeniscing back when things were still glistenin' 
 When things was still playin' with a puzzle and pieces werent missin' 
 Those days, I miss them 
 But those days, I kiss them 
 Goodbye for good 
 Those days are the old days 
 Now lets pay the rent before you end up on the wrong day 
 And I'm tired of being broke 
 I'm ready to shake you up 
 Give me all your money bitch and that chain you've got tucked 
 I see you flaunting all that ice 
 You must be ballin' but I don't got shit so hang me your wallet (fades)
 "So let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this?" 
 {*Scratching*} What is this? what is this? 
 The Invasion! (Invasion yeah) 
 Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) 
 (Bridge: Eminem) 
 I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit 
 D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice! 
 So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name 
 Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! 
 (Verse: Eminem) 
 Whoa, here we go, I shoulda' known 
 I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit 
 Sooner or later you little haters 
 Are too jealous of us to love us 
 You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming 
 D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach 
 50 percent of it's 50 cent 
 The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is 
 But if you even considerin' taking our label down 
 You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it 
 But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it 
 I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit 
 'Cause then it's gonna get to the point 
 Where it escalates to some other shit 
 Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to 
 "Stomping in my Air Force Ones" 
 But you won't be able to tell 
 If it's two pairs or it's one 
 It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you 
 You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe 
 I don't know what it is or what it could be 
 But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me 
 Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me 
 Y'all tickle me pink 
 I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me 
 Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety 
 A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy 
 Mixed with a little bit of the {*Eminem vocal scratch*} 
 Wit a pinch of Biggie 
 Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 'Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label 
 Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records 
 We the label fa' sho! 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 'Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper 
 Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records 
 We gon' kill your label fa' sho! 
 (Eminem) 
 Shady in the place to be see 
 And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right! 
 Still watch what you say to me punk 
 'Cause I'm off probation in less than six months {*gun cocked*} 
 Haha, Shady Records 
 Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't 
 Hear you motherfuckers talkin'! 
 'Cause we do and we see y'all 
 We just gon' sit back for a minute 
 While I see what the FUCK y'all do
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around what is this... what is this... 
 The Invasion! yeah yeah Green Lantern! The infiltration! We're comin'! 
 Yeah! 
 I got 50 Cent, I got G-unit, D-twizzy in this bitch, wit' obie trice 
 So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name, 'cause you say one more thing, it won't be nice 
 Here we go, 
 I shoulda known 
 I was bound to get pulled 
 Into some bullshit 
 Sooner or later 
 You litte haters 
 Are too jealous of us to love us 
 You hate it, 
 G-unit made it, 
 Then Obie's coming, 
 D-twizzy's comin', ya sick to 
 Ya stomach 
 50 percent of it's 50 Cent, 
 The other 50 percent of it's whose color of skin it is 
 But if you even considerin' takin' our label down, 
 You better find our building 
 And fly a fuckin' plane into it 
 But I ain't tryin' to get to intricate into it, 
 I'm just tryin' to give you a little hint for your own benefit 
 'Cause then it's gonna get to the point 
 Where it escalates into some other shit, 
 Then I'm a flip 
 Then I'm a get to 
 Stompin' in my Air Force once, 
 Won't be able to tell if its two purrs or it's one 
 'Cause it's gone feel like so many feet kickin you, 
 You think Nike just made these cleats into shoes 
 I don't know what it is or what it could be, 
 But I get a woody, 
 When these pussies try to push me 
 Thinkin' they gone put me in a position to pickle me 
 Y'all tickle me pink, 
 I think I'd just rather have pink tickle me 
 Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety, 
 A little bit of the diggety doc 
 Diggety mixed with a little bit of the (em's voice scratchin') 
 What a small pinch, 
 Biggy look at me, 
 I'm just a bomb diggety 
 We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable 
 'Cause we gone fuck around and kill your lable! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50, Shady 
 Records we the lable for sho! 
 We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable 
 'Cause we gone fuck around and steal your paper! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50, we're 
 Gone kill your fuckin' lable for sho! 
 Shady in the place to BC, 'cause I got what it takes to rock tha mic RIGHT! 
 Still watch what you say to me ho 'cause I'm off probation in less than 6 MONTHS! 
 Ha ha, whooo, Shady records, still Aftermath, and don't think we don't hear you 
 Muthafuckas talkin', 'cause we do, we see y'all, but we just gone sit back for a minute 
 And see what the fuck y'all do!
 Yeah, (oh, oh), yeah yeah, oh 
 I feel like dancing 
 I feel like dancing 
 I smell something in the air that's making me (high) 
 I said I smell something in the air that's making me high 
 Ok here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, I'm so la-di-da so 
 Lyrical rise flow, give back the tobasco 
 You mother fuckers mustsanot know the tic tac songs 
 Time to show you the mo kick ass flow in the cosmos 
 Picasso with a pick axe a sick asshole 
 She tac toe frozen six pack with exacto 
 Knives, strangling wives with pig lasso 
 Few bags of the the grass, zig zags, I'm with the doc so 
 You know how that go, skull and the crossbones 
 This is poison, the boys and girls who do not know 
 You do not want to try this at home my novato (novice) 
 This is niether the time or the place to get macho 
 So crack a six pack, sit back with some nachos 
 Maybe some popcorn, and watch the show and just rock slow 
 It's not what you expected, tho what you thought though 
 Bout time to you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke 
 It must be the ganja 
 It's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' upon me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the hinde that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 It must be the ganja 
 It's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' upon me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the hinde that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 Your dreams of getting the pill, you are literally getting the drill 
 Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill 
 You're submitting to skill, sitting still, I'm admitting, I'm beginning to feel 
 Like I don't think anyone's real, 
 Faced with a dilemma, I can be Dali Llama and become a bin gramma a step beyond a Jeffrey Dahmer 
 Please don't upset me mama, you lookin' sexy mama, 
 Don't know if this the lala or the rum and pepsi mama 
 Don't want to end up inside my refrigerator freezer, 
 Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza 
 How many people you know can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row, 
 Put 'em in chronological order beginning with Jack the Ripper, 
 Name the time and place from the body the bag the zipper, 
 Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped, 
 The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model the make the plate 
 And which motel which lake they found her in, 
 And how they attacked the victim, 
 Say which murder weapon was used to do what and which one, 
 Which night it was done, what kid would write there was none, 
 So sloppy like this it's fun, the fuckin' ecstasy goes 
 It must be the ganja 
 It's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' upon me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the hinde that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 It must be the ganja 
 It's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' upon me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the hinde that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 When I'm behind a mic dynamite is what its kinda like 
 Get stuck with that same stick that you're trying to light 
 Behind the boards is Dre, legends are made this way 
 Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be? 
 Maybe you need some lyric syrup sign for your symptoms 
 Heres a dosage of the antidote now you give him some, 
 He can give her some, she can give him some 
 Get behind a lynn drum, make up a beat and kill the sucka syndrome 
 You're spitting drama when it comes to lyrics and penance I'm 
 Starting from scratch and then ending up at the end ending up 
 Capable of bringing a bullets a stillunbelievable bullets a 
 Titanium brain that's full of, surprises 
 When the smoke rises right before your very own eyes 
 You stare into your stereos eyes 
 Good evening, this isn't't even a weed thing, 
 I didn't even smoke anything, I didn't even drink anything 
 It must be the ganja 
 It's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' upon me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the hinde that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind 
 It must be the ganja 
 It's the marijuana 
 That's creepin' upon me why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the hinde that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me I don't mind
 Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
 I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
 Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
 I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
 And it seems like yesterday it was just a dream 
 But those days are gone they're just memories 
 And it seems like yesterday it was just a dream 
 But those days are gone 
 (Eminem) 
 All right, 
 Lets pretend, marshall mathers never picked up a pen 
 Lets pretend, things woulda been no different 
 Pretend he procrastinated and had no motivation 
 Pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin 
 They could blow away with the wind 
 Marshall you're never gonna make it 
 Makes no sense to play the game 
 There ain't no way that you'll win 
 Pretend he'd just stay outside all day 
 And play with his friends 
 Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend 
 And it wasn't time to move and schools werent changing again 
 He wasn't socially akward and just strange as a kid 
 He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit 
 And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums 
 And just lazy as shit 
 Fuck a talent show in the gymnasium, bitch 
 You wont amount to shit, quit day dreaming, kid 
 You need to get your cranium checked 
 You're thinking like an alien, it just ain't realistic 
 Now pretend things just make him angry with this shit 
 And there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed 
 And his alarm went off to wake him but he didn't make it to the rap olympics 
 Left to his plane and he missed it 
 He's gonna have a hard time explaining to hailey and lainey 
 These food stamps and this weak shit 
 'Cause he never risked shit, he hoped and he wished it 
 But it didn't fall on his lap so he ain't even here 
 He pretends that ... 
 Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
 I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now 
 Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars 
 I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now
 Thanks it's been real 
 I love you but I just can't deal 
 With the stress this game is giving me... 
 But before I go 
 You know 
 I can't close the show 
 Without no closure 
 So before I leave... 
 Yeah 
 I just want to take the time out 
 To basically say 
 Rest In Peace 
 To Deshaun Holton 
 That's my heart man 
 Dr Dre 
 For giving me the oppurtunity 
 Just to even listen to me 
 To get me to this point 
 I'd like to thank Jimmy Iovine, 
 Interscope, Aftermath, 
 Everybody in the whole Shady staff 
 Everybody whose basically supported me from day one 
 Paul Rosenburg, Tracy Mcnew 
 You know I love you guys 
 I couldn't do it all without you 
 D12 
 Cashis, your gonna be a beast when you get out there man 
 Trust me homey, my ears don't lie to me 
 Who else am I forgetting 
 Oh yeah, Obie Trice 
 Bobby Creekwater, and basically man 
 The whole city of Detroit 
 8 mile road for making what I am today 
 Which basically goes back to proof and D12 
 I love you guys man 
 You where there when shit got thick 
 Oh, it wouldn't be complete, If I didn't 
 Thank my mom, bitch 
 So 
 Thanks it's been real 
 I love you but I just can't deal 
 With the stress this game is giving me... 
 (Fades)
 Jealous! [Repeat: x 8] 
 Girls voice: (Talking over the singing) 
 Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying? 
 He just mad 'cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying? 
 Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes! 
 He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick 
 I mean, What do I got to be jealous for? 
 He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time 
 He has no career move, I mean... 
 I come home every single day from working double shifts 
 And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts 
 I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me 
 Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously 
 Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me 
 It must be only just because you never learned to trust me 
 Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues 
 To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse 
 I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me 
 I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things 
 So what's a man to do when all I hand to you is handed back to me 
 You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me 
 I used to love your company now you always bugging me 
 For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me 
 So I'm a wait for your evacuation 
 'Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in 
 See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure 
 So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure 
 I recommend you take your things and check them in 
 Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What? 
 Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy [Repeat: x 8] 
 (Women's Voice) 
 Fuck you and what you going through 
 Fuck Eminem, he just mad 'cause I left that nigga for another man 
 Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money 
 Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang 
 Know what I'm saying? He just mad 'cause I'm getting it all night 
 Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about 
 Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy 
 I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments 
 I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense 
 Until the day I started following your feetprints 
 And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents 
 It made complete sense, there's someone else you like 
 So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike? 
 And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga** 
 Someone rich that I could follow 
 And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow 
 Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted 
 I fell apart when you departed then the joking started 
 I was an open target, you play comedian 
 And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again 
 And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife 
 All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife 
 He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now" 
 Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down 
 You run me down and now your trying to apologize 
 For all the lies and every time you made me ball my eyes 
 Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it 
 Jealousy is in the house y'all, Fellas sing it... 
 Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy [Repeat: x 8]
 (50 Cent) 
 Ay yo, what's up, yo this is 50 cent 
 You're here with mah man Green Lantern 
 And you know how the fuck it go down 
 You wanna hate? Okay, it's okay, You can hate me baby! 
 I'm on fire right now ya bitch ass nigga, ya heard me... 
 (Gunshots x2) 
 (Bizarre) 
 Yeah... 
 Detroit, Motherfucka... 
 DJ Green Lantern (The Evil Genius) 
 D12, We ain't goin' nowhere... 
 We still smokin' crack, nigga... 
 (Laugh) Let 'em know... 
 (Eminem) 
 Bitch, Keep Talkin' 
 Keep on poppin' off, flip them jaws because 
 We ain't stoppin' 
 We ain't got to prove shit to y'all 
 So all y'all can lick the balls and 
 Keep Walkin'! 
 Keep on poppin' that shit you poppin' 
 'Cause we ain't stoppin' cause 
 You ain't stoppin' us! 
 We ain't got to prove shit to y'all 
 So all y'all can lick the balls and 
 Keep Walkin'! 
 (Come on!) 
 (Kuniva) 
 (Yo) The Derelict's back 
 I'm blazing niggas while they up in the Sheraton, 'laxed 
 I even sold my therapist crack 
 You niggas is bitches, straight up, I'm bearing the facts 
 I love pussy with all my heart, but I married a gat (gun clicks) 
 And nigga, I'm top pedigree, so don't play with me 
 I'll blow your tattoos all over your baby seat (glass shattering) 
 Kids an' all get hit, peers and all 
 The Mosberg'll take your back, liver, ribs and all (bah!) 
 Kuniva's a street talker 
 Heatsparker to beefstarter 
 Packing guns when I'm sleepwalking (Bitch, Keep Talkin') 
 Throw a firebomb down your chimney 
 While you're eating at Wendy's, I'm in your bushes cockin' a semi 
 Knife with the hands, never bow down to another man 
 I was poppin' guns while you was still poppin' some rubber bands 
 Smother your clan! 
 Sever your hand and your legs 
 And mail your brother your heart, and send your mother your head! 
 (Swift) 
 I'm the only one, you bitch, that touch ya 
 Type of brother that'll fuck your mother 
 With a fishnet rubber (scream) 
 A belligerent and rowdy motherfucka 
 That'll dump your body, and still fly away to Maui on Atella 
 When it comes to beefin', it ain't no explainin' 
 I change your language with a stainless 
 I'm contained with an anguish to leave you famous 
 I'm a deranged pit, I left an AK to paint your face with 
 Niggas don't say shit, fuck your hype man 
 If there's a bystander standing by, I'm firin' at him! (Flat out) 
 'Cause I can, You get squashed like pop cans 
 I'll be shooting 7 up in your mouth, man (ha, ha, ha) 
 I'm about to sell your mama bud, and lace it 
 So when she fire it up she coughin' blood 
 I love to see 'em lay shit 
 I'm made to behave in this case 
 You try to be brave in a rage your legs will be replaced 
 (Eminem) 
 Bitch, Keep Talkin' 
 Keep on poppin' off, flip them jaws because 
 We ain't stoppin' 
 We ain't got to prove shit to y'all 
 So all y'all can lick the balls and 
 Keep Walkin'! 
 Keep on poppin' that shit you poppin' 
 'Cause we ain't stoppin' cause 
 You ain't stoppin' us! 
 We ain't got to prove shit to y'all 
 So all y'all can lick the balls and 
 Keep Walkin'! 
 (Bizzy, come on!) 
 (Bizarre) 
 I ain't here to talk about Benzino, or Ja Rule 
 I'm here to talk about lil' Ray Ray, and what I'ma do (laugh) 
 Sorry, I ain't gonna mention you, you'll probably sue 
 Next week, this shit'll be out on DJ Clue (exclusive!) 
 The first time I had sex, a dirty mattress 
 No condom, my grandmother bent over backwards (Ugh!) 
 Bizarre been fuckin' raw all summer 
 Let's make a trade: My wife for your brother 
 Syke! I'm not bisexual 
 I'm an intellectual transexual with one testicle (One nut) 
 And I ain't saying shit 'cause it rhyme 
 I got colon cancer... I'm dyin' 
 (Proof) 
 (Yay Yay!) 
 Rest in peace Jammaster Jay, 2pac, and Notorious Big (Fo' Sho') 
 (Come on) I'm probably the best 
 God in the flesh 
 Blow your heart out of your chest 
 And your chest out of your vest 
 Leave your body a mess, streets bloody as hell 
 Study my 12, I cut him he fell 
 A druggie on bail, nutty as well 
 With search light, bud he revealed 
 Dead or in jail 
 They're headed for hell... 
 Together with bells and blonde guy 
 Get your lungs hard 
 Leave you full of holes like Spongebob (Gunshots) 
 We can take this from your front door to your CEO office 
 Got the key to your coffin to pee on you often 
 Leavin' your office, we takin' over 
 Or get China White, mixed with baking soda 
 Ya hear me... GET CRACK! 
 (Eminem) 
 Fuckin' Crackheads! 
 And this is just mixtape shit, you fuckin' morons! 
 This ain't brains over brawn 
 This is bullies over fuckin' pussies! 
 (Laugh) Come on! 
 Bitch, Keep Talkin' 
 Keep on poppin' off, flip them jaws because 
 We ain't stoppin' 
 We ain't got to prove shit to y'all 
 So all y'all can lick the balls and 
 Keep Walkin'! 
 Keep on poppin' that shit you poppin' 
 'Cause we ain't stoppin' cause 
 You ain't stoppin' us! 
 We ain't got to prove shit to y'all 
 So all y'all can lick the balls and 
 Keep Walkin'!
 You sound like a bitch, bitch 
 Shut the fuck up 
 When your fans become your haters 
 You done? 
 Fuck, your beard's weird 
 Alright 
 You yellin' at the mic, you weird beard 
 We doin' this once 
 Your beard's weird, why you yellin' at the mic? 
 Rihanna just hit me on the text 
 Last night I left hickeys on her neck 
 Wait, you just dissed me, I'm perplexed 
 Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next, damn 
 I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack 
 Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack 
 Realized I forgot to call you back 
 Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap 
 Stan, Stan, son, listen, man, dad isn't mad 
 But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun and have a man bun? 
 The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable 
 Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked 
 Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me 
 I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze 
 Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo" 
 So before you die let's see who can out-petty who 
 With your corny lines (Slim, you're old) 
 Ow, Kelly, ooh, but I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you 
 By 29 I had three albums that had blew 
 Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do 
 Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food 
 But you're a fuckin' mole hill, now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo! 
 Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow 
 Gunner? bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow 
 Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead 
 Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still 
 Are you eating cereal... or oatmeal? 
 What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios? 
 'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material 
 ...Dictionary... 
 Yo Slim, your last four albums sucked 
 Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago 
 What do you know? Oops, know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof 
 Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? 
 Yeah, I had enough money in '02 
 To burn it in front of you, ho 
 Younger me? No, you're the whack me 
 It's funny, but so true 
 I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you 
 Till I'm getting old-aged still can fill a whole page with a 10 year old's rage 
 Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy 
 Go play, feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay 
 Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day 
 Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave 
 Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat 
 You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay 
 Next to Taylor Swift, and that Iggy hoe, you about to really blow 
 Kelly, they'll be putting your name 
 Next to Ja, next to Benzino, die, motherfucker 
 Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain 
 Alien brain, you Satanist (yeah) 
 My biggest flops are your greatest hits 
 The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks 
 So before I slay this bitch, mwah, give Jade a kiss 
 Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (the fuck?) 
 Bein' rich, aimed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait 
 In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name 
 Now I gotta cock back, aim, yeah, bitch, pop champagne to this 
 It's your moment, this is it 
 As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it 
 Had to give you a career to destroy it 
 Lethal injection, go to sleep six feet deep 
 I'll give you a B for the effort, but if I was three 
 Foot 11, you'd look up to me, and for the record 
 You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second 
 Lick a ballsack to get on my channel 
 Give your life to be as solidified 
 This motherfuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets 
 So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo? 
 Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper 
 How the fuck can him and I battle? 
 He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel 
 I'll give him my sandals 
 'Cause he knows long as I'm Shady, he's gon' have to live in my shadow 
 Exhausting, letting off on my offspring 
 Like a gun barrel, bitch, get off me 
 You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see 
 You're fuckin' salty 'cause Young Gerald's balls-deep inside of Halsey 
 Your red sweater, your black leather 
 You dress better, I rap better 
 That a death threat or a love letter? 
 Little white toothpick 
 Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick 
 Thanks for dissing me 
 Now I had an excuse on the mic to write Not Alike 
 But really, I don't care who's in the right 
 But you're losin' the fight you picked 
 Who else want it, Kells? 
 Attempt fails, Budden, L's 
 Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle 
 Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still 
 But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills 
 But Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits 
 That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah 
 I'm sick of you bein' whack 
 And still usin' that motherfuckin' AutoTune, so let's talk about it (let's talk about it) 
 I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth 
 Need to get the cock up out it before we can even talk about it (talk about it) 
 I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings 
 Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
 Don't mean you are, and you're not about it 
 So just leave my dick in your mouth, and keep my daughter out it 
 You fuckin'... oh 
 And I'm just playin', Diddy, you know I love you
 "Shady!" 
 "That's me" 
 "Iron Mic Trilogy" 
 "Back, with the fliest material" 
 "Sh, Sh, Shady!" 
 "That, that, that's me" 
 "Iron Mic Trilogy" 
 "Back with the, funky, beats" 
 Packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopes 
 They trade in their high tops for night sized white rocks 
 Words in my right, they pass my left ear 
 It's solid decked out write the books for next year 
 Bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin 
 Who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin' 
 Tough guy, DJ Travi your high rise 
 Looking more like Ronald then the fuckin' fry guys 
 Go on uptown fucking senoritas 
 In Taco Bell screaming "vivas gorditas!" 
 Bring all your dogs I give 'em rabies 
 They never had a chance I might chew up all their babies 
 Pope John Paul the second, brain like Satan 
 Have your vegan girlfriend cooking up bacon 
 I'm obituite with that shit that you hit 
 Slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her 
 My nine is limpin' ya six deep when I spray rounds 
 Hit you with twelve shots in mid air and four more on the way down 
 The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground 
 You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!) 
 No pun intended, snapped out of your whip 
 And leave it un-attended before I whip out this gun and hit it 
 Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute 
 'Cause I can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it 
 Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it 
 You wanted a market, I got her tied up in a chair and gag 
 Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged 
 Like cave-women, while I'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man 
 If you got a bowl of hash better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit 
 And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone 
 I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it 
 If you got a bowl of hash better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit 
 I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 
 Threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it 
 Yo, "Eon's whack now", how you dig that? 
 Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap 
 Get the greater rate with these rhymes I be totin' 
 Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem 
 I got stupid mucus from these loose lips 
 My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak 
 To the point when you stand up on your feet {you} best retreat 
 Let's go back in time and steal my whole seed 
 The quickening, did a briss at the christening 
 I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage 
 This thing's the nicest, I keep telling you 
 What the fuck this guy on the corner been selling you? 
 I'm e-mailing you, at the wrong website 
 Misspelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you 
 Escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse 
 Disperse like I added too many words in a verse 
 Slim Shady, a perverted virgin at birth {or "version of birth"} 
 Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church 
 The first person searching the earth for the motherfucker 
 That pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first 
 You don't curse and hit with your own words 
 Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves 
 And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up 
 Then I'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all!) 
 If y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit ("gimmie that") 
 And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone 
 I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it 
 So if you got a bowl of has better cash it 
 Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit 
 I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 
 Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it 
 Any disease out there I'm willing to catch it, 
 Slim Shady 
 All praises 
 To the High and Mighty 
 "Slim Shady" 
 "Naughty rotten rhymer" 
 "Mr. Eon" 
 "Illest rhyme dropper" 
 "Slim Shady" 
 "Naughty rotten rhymer" 
 "Mr. Eon" 
 "Illest rhyme dropper" 
 "Slim Shady" 
 "N', nau', naughty, ro', ro', rotten rhyme, rhyme, rhy', rhymer" 
 "Mr. Eon" 
 "Illest rhyme drop, drop, drop, dro', dro', rhyme dropper"
 Eminem - Life 
 Life, by Marshall Mathers, 
 What is life? 
 Life is like a big obstacle, in front of your optic wanna slow you down, 
 An every time you think you've gotten past it it's gonna come back, 
 Around and tackle you to the damn ground, 
 What are friends, friends are people that you think are friends, 
 But they really your enemies with secret identities, 
 And disguises to hide they' true colours, so just when you think you close enough to be brothers, 
 They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin', 
 What is money, money is what makes a man act funny, 
 Money is the root of all evil, 
 Money'll make them same friends come back around, 
 Swearin that they was always always down, 
 But it's life... I'm tired of life, I'm tired of backstabbin' ass snakes with friendly grins, 
 I'm tried of committin so many sins, 
 Tired of always givin' in when this bottle of hennie wins, 
 Tired of never havin' any ends 
 Tired of havin' skinny friends so full on crack and many things, 
 I'm tired of this DJ, playin' your shit when he spins, 
 I'm tired of not havin' a deal, tired of havin' to deal with this bullshit without grabbin the steel, 
 Tired of drowin in my sorrow, 
 Tired of havin' to borrow a dollar for gas to start my monte carlo, 
 I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin shit an dartin off, 
 I'm tired of jobs startin off at $5.50 an hour, then this boss wonders why I'm smartin off, 
 Tired of being fired every time I fart and cough, 
 Tired of havin' to work as a gas station clerk for this jerk breatin down my neck, 
 Drivin' me beserk, 
 I'm tired of using plastic silverwear 
 Tired of workin at buildin square, 
 Tired of not being a millionare, 
 But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alchoholics, 
 If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, 
 While I'm on the jon, 
 If I had a millions bucks, it wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbin armoured trucks, 
 If I had one wish, I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss, 
 I'm tired of being white trash, broke an always poor, 
 Tired of taken pop bottles back to the party store, 
 Tired of not havin' a phone, tired of not havin' a home to have one in if I did have one on, 
 Tired of not drivin' a BM, tired of not workin at GM, tired of wantin to be him, 
 Tired of not sleepin' without atylanol PM, 
 Tired of not performin in a packed collessium, 
 Tired of not bein on tour, 
 Tired of fuckin' the same blonde whore, 
 After work in the back of a contour, 
 I'm tired of fakin knots with a stack of ones, havin' a lack of funds, an resort back to guns, 
 Tired of bein stared at, tired of wearin the same damn nike air-hat, 
 Tired of steppin in clubs wearin the same pair of luggs, 
 Tired of people sayin' they're tired of hearin me rappin' bout drugs, 
 Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me sayin' they wasn't feelin' me or no-bodies as ill as me, 
 And I'm tired of radio stations tellin' fibs tired of J.L.B. sayin' we're hip hop lib's, 
 But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alchoholics, 
 If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on, 
 While I'm on the john, 
 If I had a millions bucks, it wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbin armoured trucks, 
 If I had one wish, I would ask for one big enough ass for the whole world to kiss, 
 You know what I'm sayin'? I'm tired of all of this bullshit, 
 Tellin' me to be positive, how am I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive, 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I rapp about shit around me, shit I see, 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 And right now I'm tired of everything, 
 Tired of all this, player hating that's going on in my own city, 
 You can't get away or play, 
 You know what I'm sayin', 
 But hey, it's cool though, 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I'm just fed up, that's my world
 Don't stop 
 Don't stop 
 (Royce Da 5' 9") 
 Yeah, Bad and Evil is (BACK) 
 We bout to get into a tale of gunner that details the dungeon 
 This is the pale moon illuminates the hail and thundering 
 Oh once again where I fail from blundering 
 Shady lifted his wing than I fell from under it 
 Now I'm freefallin' 
 My career is gone and the weed callin' 
 Regardless of who's fault I was b-ballin' 
 God bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the Earth 
 Marshall double backed and got me from on top of the Hearse 
 I'm alive nigga, Justin T ain't got nothing on me 
 'Cause I done cried Mary J Blige rivers 
 I realized that God's with us as soon as I decided to put that bottle down and pick up my tie bridges 
 The writings on the wall since niggas seen me at the baseball game with Shady and Jay-Z 
 Suddenly everybody calls 
 "Like I'm just checking on you dog" 
 While I throw up this message on the star 
 When them bottles stop poppin' 
 And them dollars start stopping 
 Do what you did to get it and don't stop (don't stop) 
 I made a promise to my momma 
 I'mma out live her 
 How can I be a quitter when haters don't stop (don't stop) 
 I'm living proof nigga 
 Its pretty safe to say 
 God giveth and God taketh away 
 It's the Worldwide American way 
 I'm living proof nigga 
 (Eminem) 
 Your body language is sayin' your confidence is gone 
 Well pick ya ass up lil homie, come on 
 You just gone sit there and take it or make 'em suck it 
 Tell 'em where to shove it straight up, 
 You gon' make love to the world?or you gon' 
 Fuck it?, 
 The last time that life kicked me in the ass 
 I pulled down it's pants and put a foot up its ass 
 Man what a catastrophe it'd be for me to be a bitch ass pussy 
 And not open a can of whoop ass 
 Did ya piss ass whoop me will be the day I say I ain't poop 
 Shit, the day that I don't straight shoot 
 I'll drop out of my anti-women hate group 
 Say I'm a sissy faggot, record it play it back and put it on straight loop 
 You haters look like you ate a grape fruit 
 You see me climbing back on that wagon 
 Got my swagga back I was dragging, hop back on it 
 Grab the reigns on that bastard and came back on em 
 Without remorse man 
 Man of course I'm a one trick pony 
 'Cause I'll be screaming on these whores till I'm hoarse! 
 When them bottles stop poppin' 
 And them dollars start stopping 
 Do what you did to get it and don't stop (don't stop) 
 I made a promise to my momma 
 I'mma out live her 
 How can I be a quitter when haters don't stop (don't stop) 
 I'm living proof nigga 
 Its pretty safe to say 
 God giveth and God taketh away 
 It's the Worldwide American way 
 I'm living proof nigga 
 (Royce Da 5' 9") 
 Nah I ain't fading yet 
 I'd rather stay and rap 
 I mighta made a deck 
 I find excitement in wondering what I'ma write next 
 So I don't stay in debt 
 Me broke 
 You might as well cut the embryo out my momma and play catch with the baby 
 With AK's with baby bayonet's 
 I'ma get rich or I'mma die trying 
 That's why its either kill or be killed 
 So call me suicide homocide Ryan 
 (Eminem) 
 There's a bomb inside my head 
 I'ma live wire, I am on the edge 
 Teetering on it like I tore the iron mike 
 Get on a nut like a tire iron 
 I have no desire stopping so why would I drop and roll 
 That's how much on fire I am 
 Rappers are fun and I'm the time 'cause I'm just flying by 'em 
 Man I'm laughing at 'em the entire time, why am I up? 
 Cause tribulations I have triumphed bitch I'm fired up 
 So it's time for me to slit your fucking lighter, light the sky up 
 When them bottles stop poppin' 
 And them dollars start stopping 
 Do what you did to get it and don't stop (don't stop) 
 I made a promise to my momma 
 I'mma out live her 
 How can I be a quitter when haters don't stop (don't stop) 
 I'm living proof ni- 
 Its pretty safe to say 
 God giveth and God taketh away 
 It's the Worldwide American way 
 I'm living proof ni-
 (Eminem) 
 Life handed me lemons, I jumped back in the public eye And squirted lemon juice in it, by now you just wish I'd fucking die, But I electrify, get electricuted, executed by an executioner Of my flow too wit for the human eye to detect zooming by G-g-g-guess who? What's happenin' guy? You told me to shit Fell off that pot, hopped right back on that crapper and I Said fuck you, with a capital "I", look who's back to antag-gonize You don't like it, you can eat shit, fuck off little faggot and die You right back like a maggot on my dick grabbing at my shit, better get to the back of the line You wanna get your shot at me? What kinda crap is that battle? What kinda rapper would I be? Before I let another rapper think he's hot I'll bury my face in his stinky twat and go (tongue noises) Go 'head, space is limited, ain't even room in the back of my mind That's why I ain't thinking about you, I don't got time and I told you a thousand times So how can I find the time to put an alkaline battery in Royce's back And at the same time put juice in mine? Goddammit Slaughterhouse is signed 
 (Voice) 
 Slaughterhouse! 
 (Verse 2: Crooked I) 
 I'm a menace villain, my pen is sitting spilling, my livers killing Then I let you witness shit when it hit the ceiling The niggas willing to give the listeners the sickest feeling Like mixing some Benadryl and penicillin then I'm filling the clip With a written, can you picture my pistol drilling? A million women and children when I'm illing but it isn't real, it's a rap On the real, it's a wrap, how could you possibly stop the Apocalypse When I'm atomic bombing the populous Shock the metropolis hostile as a kid popping the Glock at his moms And his pops then he hops in his drop with his iPod rocking the Slaughterish Documentation and lyrics I write with confidence Write like a columnist slash novelist I'm in this game to demolish, establish my dominance Over prominent rappers you popping shit till you opposite I can spit ominous so spit politics now I'm Haile Selassie Gandhi and Pac of this hip hop genre, bitch 
 (Voice) 
 (Verse 3: Royce) 
 Lyrically I'm a cocaine Altoid Ability to bring, it's a no brain bout boy Physically I'm literally a cocaine cowboy, wait-wait Did I just go almost four bars without talking about my big dick? The other day me and your thick bitch had a great day and we ate cake And then we walked and then she tried to jack me off but she lost 'Cause she couldn't handle my shit, wait I sweared, irony of Ryan Is I am bipolar while I'm rhyming standing beside a big old white bear Neither one of us fight fair, you are literally looking at Woody and Wesley In a movie with a white boy ain't got to jump no where 'cause I'm here Nigga I'm on fire yeah and I'm every bitch's dream One, two I'm coming for you, I'm a big old nightmare Nigga this the slaughter stepping up I'll pretty much slap your ass and tell you to shut the fuck up After that I'll slap your ass again and tell you to shut the fuck up shutting up And that's how you body a fucking beat 
 (Voice) 
 (Verse 4: Joell Ortiz) 
 I should be the one that goes slow... nah, get a stopwatch, clock my flow Hit the button on top, watch the jaw drop, oh-oh, that's that Aww Yaowa, when I drop I go outta space Blackout like Darth Vader's face, placed in a molten shower Say something and get them proper mama poppa pouring out vodka Mama Mia, Em pass me the seeds, it's (?) Slaughterhouse got signed Better yet boy go home, better yet boy G4 Chrome, better jet boy Mark Sanchez, Santanio Holmes, I'm not just any old homeboy Sitting in a lab picking up a pad I be spitting bad, I'mma get you mad with this gift I have Lord duck sufferin succotash when the trigger blast I'mma put your beak on your fitted hat Where the liquor at? Sip of yak that bitch and a vicious track (?) Sly Pro tools to boast Joe smooth I coast to the West like we're tired of living at New York here's a piggyback ride to the motherland, hold on brotherman, on the other hand Get down, I'm gutter fam, gun butt you with the Eagle handle Cunningham I don't wanna talk, I just wanna beef, I don't want a piece, I want it all baby boy I don't wanna eat, I wanna feast up (?) rough piece of shit, you done weak, I'm the one, capiche? 
 (Voice) 
 (Verse 5: Joe Budden) 
 Insane what they call us, ain't married to the game But you probably shouldn't have came to the altar Every bar like propane for the sawed-off, using (?) to forge you Eminent Mr. Porter, slaughter my cinnamons emminent torture All of you feminine marauders, that's women at war Men will assault you, time is a bastard symbol of (?) Kidnap your trembling daughter, at least a quarter I'm administering supporters, got an aura more like Sodom and Gomorrah Normally something's wrong with me Claiming a quantity of the porn I see on the pause to me When I fix the game they'll think shit came with a warranty How the fuck are they gonna stop what I was born to be, corner me, shit belong to me Two choices, you can get along with me or sit your faggot ass right there in dormancy Wait, all you missing is heels to be RuPaul Ain't nobody that's real ever knew y'all Second to none and I'm dealing with Marshall This time I never come down, deal with the blue balls You ain't gotta fear me but you'll respect me Niggas who never met me threaten me, want to gillete me Why don't you let me come (?) I got some machetes Swinging spaghetti like it's heavy some said he deserve an ESPY In a Chevy like Andretti, put the Dezzy where his chest be
 (Skylar Grey and Bruno Mars) 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like a fire that flames and die 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like what we did a while ago 
 Now I love to hate you 
 Now I love to hate you (Dr. Dre) 
 (Eminem) 
 Uh, I just can't get it 
 Pull a 5th of Bacardi from out of my underwear 
 And walk around the party without a care like a body without a head 
 Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead 
 And tomorrow probably still be too high to get out of bed 
 Till I feel like I've been hit with the sharp part of the hammer 
 Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta 
 I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' die Santa 
 Missed the tree and hit Rudolf and 2 innocent bystanders 
 So quit tryin' to play the Wall like you're Paul and 
 Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin' 
 They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap darlin' 
 'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly, I start ballin' 
 Makin' it rain for the ladies in the mini's 
 But I'm not throwin' ones, five, tens or even twenties 
 I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at Skinny's 
 Man, I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's 
 From the north, east and west but when it comes to them trailers in them Southparks 
 Muffle it 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's 
 So ladies, if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie 
 Now hop in my mini-van, let's get rowdy, come on 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 (Skylar Grey and Bruno Mars) 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like a fire that flames and die 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like what we did a while ago 
 Now I love to hate you 
 Now I love to hate you 
 (Eminem) 
 Man first of all I'm a boss, I just wanna get that across 
 Man, even my dentist hates when I floss 
 Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche 
 Garbage bag for one of the windows 
 Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em 
 Michigan plates and my name's on 'em 
 Baby, Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him 
 But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him 
 He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him 
 'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man 
 Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can 
 There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance 
 We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance 
 She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man 
 In the streets of Warren, Michigan, we call 'em tramp stamps 
 That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps 
 Down and show this hussy who's the man, now get amped, dance 
 (Royce da 5'9) 
 Me and Eminem or should we call Marshall had sat with him 
 Kicked it and had a chat with him 
 And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him 
 Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him 
 Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it 
 Meanwhile my attention is pulled in another direction 
 Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk 
 Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection 
 Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
 But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up 
 Was through that publication the same one that made me famous 
 Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' 
 Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then 
 When I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think 
 That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. 
 And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind 
 (Lil Wayne) 
 It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it 
 Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict 
 I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further 
 But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' 
 I'm just willin' to be the bigger man 
 If y'all can quit poppin' off at your jaws with the knockin' 
 'Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin' 
 I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience 'cause 
 (Skylar Grey and Bruno Mars) 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like a fire that flames and die 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like what we did a while ago 
 Now I love to hate you 
 Now I love to hate you 
 Now I love to hate you, you, you 
 (Eminem) 
 You've become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up 
 Be a man, stand, a real man would have had this shit handled 
 Know you just had your heart, ripped out and crushed 
 They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust 
 Nah, it ain't like, Doody to do that 
 He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first 
 But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse 
 Now I'm poppin' Vic's, Perc's and Methadone pills 
 Yeah Em, tight verse, you killed it, now I hate you 
 (Skylar Grey and Bruno Mars) 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like a fire that flames and die 
 Now it's time for us to let go 
 Like what we did a while ago 
 Now I love to hate you 
 Now I love to hate you 
 Now I love to hate you, you, you (Dr. Dre) 
 Now it's time (time)
 Damn! 
 Why don't you ever go away? 
 Huuuuh? 
 Chorus A: 
 We need to stop this shit 
 And relize what you spit 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits 
 Don't act like your sick 
 And I'm gonna respect you 
 And leave Hip-Hop alone. 
 Go! - Promote wack rap! 
 When I turn on the radio - I get nauseous 
 Annoy your commercial garbage, 
 And make sure I turn it off quick 
 You make me so sick, it's pointless to even diss. 
 But I do it for the lute and mp3 page his, I try to teach kids 
 But their steady rocking, eyes boping heads to Ludacris. 
 Swearing that he's nice! - Come on he sounds like the newest sensation 
 To get the party dancing - and fuckin' asses shakin'. 
 Making hits faking quick [? ] like music 
 I'll slap you with your own ryhme - oh, there's your greatest hit! 
 Lazy kids with dope beats, and alot of blabling 
 In reality you get beat like Eric [? ] battling 
 But it's not your fault completely! 
 I blame promoters to, hyping up your CD when they got 4 interludes! 
 Companes lute you - cause your making them lute 
 But when your one hit wares out - they'll drop you for good, your replaceable 
 (Chorus A) 
 Pretend you like Hip-Hop! - That's a no-no! 
 Show your [? ] donate a Volvo 
 Oh, no! - That be to much to ask! 
 Actin' like Alaskins with that rented ice you flash. 
 I'll come down to your street carrying burners 
 Now your block is hot! Hot like a heat contained thermis. 
 Your nerves now - I see your eyes twitching, doing [? ] to females 
 Coming out sounding like bitches retards spiting disses a bunch of carbincopyies. 
 You must of failed the road test, learning how to write beats 
 My street! - Only bumps but it's unreleashed. 
 Fuck self reclamed kings of Hip-Hop! - There all weak! 
 My ryhme shines brighter then any ice you rock 
 Ryhming in the hook 9 times [? ] 
 Lame ducks running on stage with make-up! 
 It's crazy to us! - Real MC's take and get big cuts! - Your finshed... 
 (Chorus A: x2) 
 Chorus B: 
 Stop this shit! 
 And relize what you spit! 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits! 
 Don't act like your sick 
 You'll be out of fasion quick 
 Leave Hip-Hop alone 
 You annoying piece of shit!
 Okay folks, enough with the gay jokes, 
 Especially from a gay broke bitch yourself, aye Lok? 
 His style is dodo, 
 You've worked here longer then me, and I get paid more then you do 
 Dog, take a seat, 
 What's this guy standin' in line for? He ain't got money to eat! 
 Yo, yo, this guy cashed his whole check, and bought one hoho, 
 Fuckin' homo, little maggot, you can't hack it 
 Paul's gay, you're a faggot 
 'Least he admits it, don't even risk it 
 This guy's starvin' to death, someone get him a biscuit! 
 I don't know what they told you, Mike 
 You must of had them cornrow's rolled too tight 
 Your job, you wanna quit but you can't 
 You've worked at this plant so long, you're a plant! 
 Look at your god damn boots, 
 For Christ sakes they're startin' to grow roots 
 On this mic you be faded, 
 You look like a pissed off rapper who never made it 
 Aye why you fuckin' with the gay guy G? 
 When really your the one who's got the HIV 
 Man I'm done with this clown, that's all 
 Fuck it, I'll let home girl finish you off.
 {Eminem} 123... 7:00 party at my friends house dr.dre want me to 
 Sing new tunes and turn the place insideout I said... maby if mr.grady ill let 
 Me out of detenchion and ill talk my mom out susption while I'm cooking 
 Pancakes in the kitching at the same time making wishes hoping that they'll come 
 True 'cause it's the only thing to do and if they do come true my life want be 
 So blue [chorus]{dr.dre}when I say make some you say noise make some 
 (Crowd) noise [dr.dre] make some{crowd{noise} [repeat3times]{eminem}every body 
 Make some noise ...now the party already is jumping... people left the nextdoors 
 Neighbors party to come knocking on are door cause the music got more and more 
 Loud while I chowd sandwitches singing making more noise the party got so wild 
 The police came while I listing to the negihbor say 2can play at that game the 
 People at the party were so insane and when the police left I herd dr.dre say 
 {Reapeat chorus 7times and on 5th time fade}{dr.dre sings chorus}
 Once again it's the sinister cynical minister Shady 
 Kryptonite to Superman he's a dentist to Amy 
 Administer of the pain 
 Just finished huffin the paint 
 And muffled the fumes like it 
 Was nothin' because it ain't 
 Anything in his his way 
 His enemies he just slays 
 His venom he sprays 
 Reaches like beams of energy rays 
 Menecing stance 
 He glares making the hairs all on the back of your neck stand 
 Like Dracula yep 
 Spectacular rep he's a tarantula 
 Gargantuan yeah Angela 
 So I command you to start dancin 
 Part Manson part Hannibal 
 Part mechanical shark throwin' 
 Animal parts at Scarlett Johannson 
 Enter my gas chamber 
 Ya gangster? my ass 
 He's got his fangs to your neck 
 He's set to strangle your ass hater 
 Your facin a task greater 
 He's chasin your ass 
 He's got his face in a mask 
 And blood stains on his glass table 
 I'm checking the exposure 
 Of photos of me exposing 
 Myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing 
 With or without clothing 
 Next to the decomposing 
 Bodies eroding while I'm dosing off 
 Overdosing 
 Windows opening shutting 
 Doors opening closing 
 I think there's a ghost 
 Too much hydrocodone and codeine 
 I was only supposed to swallow half 
 I took the whole thing 
 I'm not joking 
 I think I just snorted my nosering 
 I need a drink I'm standing over the sink hosing 
 Myself self loathing 'cause I'm on the brink closely 
 I don't wanna think 
 These'll make everything rosy 
 Beverly sings Scream while I'm severing Three toesies 
 Totally frozen while I close in 
 I'm Jodeling Rosy won't you come out to play 
 No sense wasting time 
 Cutting and pasting headlines of the papers 
 Making shrines of my crimes and capers 
 My world's a whirlwind 
 I murdered my girlfriend 
 Go to Europe and put neruphins in my syrup 
 And stir them 
 You've never heard him, like this 
 So don't encourage him 
 The neurosurgeon coke lyrics 
 And lyrics worsen 
 The kind of person 
 To get paid in Kurichs to curse and 
 Eighty spirits of ladies get Shady murdered the virgins 
 Crazy turn of the events that he emerged 
 To go to the world and got rid of all the children 
 Load them into the building 
 And kill'm and bury them in the mud 
 And mildew and he will do what he feels 
 And still can spit drawin the gold like Rumplestilskin 
 Cotton and silk, Motrin and Tylenol three pills 
 The Real Slim Shady's entered the buildin 
 Nothin' but crumpled leaves and tumbleweeds up in this bitch, Mildred 
 He's amped with it he still shouldn't be healed 
 There's no one as sick as he 
 Emcees will get fricasseed on the grill, then
 (Lickety Split) 
 This guy's a choke artist 
 Ya catch a bad one 
 Your better off shootin yourself 
 With Papa Doc's handgun 
 Climbin up this mountain your weak 
 Ill leave you lost without a paddle 
 Floatin shits creek 
 You ain't Detroit, I'm the D 
 Your the new kid on the block 
 Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks 
 Fuckin' Nazi, this crowd ain't your type 
 Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice 
 And what I tell you, you better use it 
 This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music 
 Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath 
 And have you lookin' foolish 
 Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself 
 Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 
 Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack 
 And when you actin' up that's when you got jacked up 
 And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 
 Ill crack your shoulder blade 
 You'll get dropped so hard 
 Elvis will start turnin' in his grave 
 I don't know why they let you out in the dark 
 You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile 
 To the trailor park 
 (Rabbit) 
 This guy raps like his parents jerked him 
 He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version 
 This whole crowd looks suspicious 
 It's all dudes in here, except for these bitches 
 So I'm a German, Eh 
 That's ok, you look like a fuckin' worm with braids 
 These Leaders of the Free World rookies 
 Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies 
 Talkin' bout shits creek 
 Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
 With paddles this deep 
 Your still gonna sink 
 You're a disgrace 
 Yeah, they call me Rabbit 
 This is a turtle race 
 He can't get with me spittin' this shit 
 Wickedly lickety shot 
 Spickety spickety split lickety 
 So I'm gonna turn around with a great smile 
 And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Verse 1 - Eminem: 
 I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek 
 Oh, well, guess beggars can't be choosey 
 Wanted to receive attention for my music 
 Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me 
 For wanting my cake and eat it too, and wanting it both ways 
 Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated 
 When I blew; see, but it was confusing 
 'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf 
 Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!) 
 Hit the lottery, oh wee 
 But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet 
 It was like winning a used mink 
 Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink 
 I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep 
 Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith 
 But I'm actually weirder than you think 
 'Cause I'm 
 Hook - Rihanna: 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Verse 2 - Eminem: 
 Now, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me 
 To seize the moment and don't squander it 
 'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow 
 So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from 
 (Yeah, pondering'll do you wonders. 
 No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.) 
 Yoda-loda-le-hee-hoo 
 I think it went wandering off down yonder 
 And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen 
 'Cause I need an interventionist 
 To intervene between me and this monster 
 And save me from myself and all this conflict 
 'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it 
 My OCD's conking me in the head 
 Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking 
 I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying 
 Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the 
 Hook - Rihanna: 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Verse 3 - Eminem: 
 Call me crazy but I have this vision 
 One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian 
 But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at 
 MC's, blood get spilled and I'll 
 Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track 
 Give every kid who got played that 
 Pumped up feeling and shit to say back 
 To the kids who played him 
 I ain't here to save the fucking children 
 But if one kid out of a hundred million 
 Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great 
 It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back 
 In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that 
 Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack 
 Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts 
 I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that 
 It's nothing, I'm still friends with the 
 Hook - Rihanna: 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 (2x) 
 Well, that's nothing 
 Well, that's nothing
 (From Next Friday soundtrack) 
 Chorus: Eminem (repeat 4X) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 (Eminem) 
 Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand 
 Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman 
 Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands 
 The shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan 
 And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than 
 Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland 
 See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan 
 I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin 
 Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin 
 Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin 
 I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan 
 Maybe I need my head inside straightened 
 Brain contemplatin, clean out the register 
 Dip before somebody catches ya 
 Or gets your description and sketches ya 
 The connection was the prime suspect 
 But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet 
 'Cause I got a daughter to feed 
 And $200 ain't enough to water the seed 
 The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King 
 And have the lady at the desk bring 
 Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac 
 Cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack 
 This bitch tried escapin the jack 
 Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote 
 You barely heard a word as she choked 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked 
 But I slammed her on her back till her vertebrae broke 
 Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze" 
 But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's 
 And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees 
 So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees 
 I bust shots, they bust back 
 Hit be square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest 
 Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out 
 Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin out 
 Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face 
 Shut your yackin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp 
 Drug her by her hair, smacked her up 
 Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up 
 Stole her car, made a profit 
 Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window 
 Like the girl in "Set It Off" did 
 Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal 
 Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool 
 Climbed out and collapsed on the patio 
 I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though 
 Parents screamin: "Son, go in and call the police 
 Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" 
 Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up 
 Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff 
 Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a ;ick before 
 Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 
 When they sell out in stores the price triples 
 I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles 
 And collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries 
 There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties 
 Stood up and started to see stars 
 Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars 
 Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck 
 Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck 
 But I think somebody seen me maybe 
 Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby 
 Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits 
 Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE" 
 And surrendered my weapon to cops 
 Wasn't me! It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps 
 Chorus (repeats again to fade)
 (From Celebrity Deathmatch Soundtrack) 
 [G] Eminem as Susan (the girl) 
 [D] Eminem as Dave 
 [J] Eminem as John 
 [R] Eminem as Ron 
 Chorus: repeat 2X 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 Now you sitting in the corner crying 
 And now it's my fault my fault 
 (Eminem) 
 I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave 
 And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved 
 A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up 
 With first aid tape and raped on the first date 
 Susan -- an ex-manic depressive who just moved from Houston 
 Who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?) 
 Told me she was starvin, I said it wasn't a problem (Nah!) 
 I got a coupon for this pizza with everything on it 
 We can double the mushrooms and minus the sausage 
 [G] I'm allergic to fungus 
 Come on Sue, that's nonsense 
 Who's at the door?? Pizza man! 
 Who ordered pizza? Wasn't it yours? Nuh uh 
 [G] If you got it with double mushrooms on it then I don't want it 
 Shut up Susan I'll pick 'em off it 
 Oh hell, I might as well try it, I'll be all right 
 Susan you just swallowed the wrong slice! 
 Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end 
 2nd repeat same as original Chorus 
 "Yo Sue!" 
 [G] Get away from me, I don't know you 
 Oh shoot, she's tripping... 
 [G] I need to go puke! (Bleah!) 
 I wasn't tryin' to turn this into somethin' major 
 I just wanted to make you appreciate flavor 
 Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya 
 I'm sorry your father used to chase you and spank you with hangers 
 So what they locked you in the attic in your dad's house? 
 That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out 
 She said, 
 [G] Help me I think I'm havin' a seisure! 
 I said, "You're breaking out in hives, let go of the pizza!" 
 "Would you put it down you're startin to scare me" 
 She said, 
 [G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married 
 I don't even have any kids and I can't cook 
 (Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin' to the plant, look! 
 We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 
 'Cause I never seen no one eat as many shrooms as you ate 
 Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line 
 And "It was an accident!" at the end 
 2nd repeat same as original Chorus 
 Susan (wait!) Where you goin'? You better be careful 
 [G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin' my hair pulled 
 I'm not your dad, quit tryin' to swallow your tongue 
 Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin' dumb 
 I'll be right back just chill baby please? 
 I gotta go find Dave he majored in allergies 
 "John, where's Dave at before I bash you?" 
 [J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin' a crap dude! 
 "Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance 
 There's a girl upstairs talkin' to plants 
 Choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left 
 Of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?" 
 [D] Well it depends on how many pieces she ate 
 Just one, with double mushrooms by mistake 
 Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, breaking out in hives" 
 [D] She's gonna die dude 
 "I know and it's my fault!" 
 [D] My god! 
 Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line 
 And "What do I do?" at the end 
 2nd repeat same as original Chorus 
 My God, I'm so sorry! 
 I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up! 
 Please! Please wake up! What are you doing?! 
 You're not dead! You're NOT dead! 
 I know you're not dead!
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 What? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 What? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 (Ahem. Excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second?) 
 Hi, kids! Do you like Primus? ( 
 yeah, yeah, yeah! 
 ) 
 Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? ( 
 uh-huh! 
 ) 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? ( 
 yeah, yeah! 
 ) 
 Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? ( 
 huh? 
 ) 
 My brain's dead weight; I'm tryin' to get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate ( 
 umm... 
 ) 
 And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead!" 
 Uh-uh! "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted!" 
 Well, since age twelve, I've felt like a caged elf 
 Who stayed to himself, in one space, chasing himself ( 
 bladabladablada 
 ) 
 Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off 
 And smacked her so hard, I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
 I'm 'bout to pass out and crash and fall in the grass 
 Faster than a fat man who sat down too fast 
 C'mere, lady! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!) 
 I don't give a damn; Dre sent me to tick the world off! 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 What? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 What? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high 
 Thanks a lot. Next semester I'll be thiry-five 
 I smacked him in his face with an eraser 
 Chased him with a stapler, and told him to change the grade on the paper ( 
 now 
 ) 
 Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
 Served the bartender and walked out with a tip cup 
 Extra-terrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship 
 While they're screamin' at me, "Let's just be friends!" 
 Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to 
 I just found out, my mom does more (---) than I do 
 I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
 Make a record about doin' (---) and name it after her ( 
 hey, mom 
 ) 
 You know you blew up when the women rush the stands 
 And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans ( 
 ah! ah! 
 ) 
 This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) 
 So I signed it: "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, (---)!" 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away ( 
 get him! 
 ) 
 Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate 
 I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die 
 I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
 Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide 
 I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid, (---)? ( 
 go ahead 
 ) 
 All my life I was very deprived 
 I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide ( 
 whoops! 
 ) 
 Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk ( 
 hah-too 
 ) 
 I spit when I talk, I'll (---) anything that walks ( 
 c'mere 
 ) 
 When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
 How ya gonna breastfeed me, mom?! You ain't got no (---)! ( 
 waah, wah! 
 ) 
 I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
 Put a bulletproof vest on and tap myself in the head ( 
 bang! 
 ) 
 I'm steamin' mad, ( 
 arrrh! 
 ) and by the way when you see my dad ( 
 yeah? 
 ) 
 Ask him if he bought a porno mag and see my ad 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 What? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 what? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 Who? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady 
 Hi! My name is... ( 
 huh? 
 ) My name is... 
 ( 
 What? 
 ) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
 My Natural Habitat; 
 Aiyo this is me in my natural habitat 
 Am I underground, or am I just a spoiled brat 
 I drink a litre of tylenol 
 Petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol 
 Fuckit 
 Giving it a 110% but luckily I ain't gotta pay the rent 
 School goes on 
 Switching your mind thoughts on 
 English German they're all the same 
 Gotta do homework everyday but hey 
 It's ok 'cause in your life it clears a way which you can take 
 Without having to fake a diploma 
 And end up in a coma 
 'Cause you couldn't pay the dealer... nothing can get realer 
 Cheaper, unless you become a keeper for some ice-hockey team in the NHL 
 'Cause that will tell you that everything will get well 
 That you won't need to sell your wife to get away from the knife 
 I remember when I was younger and funner 
 But I was no good runner, I could scream like thunder, my neighbour was a hunter 
 Hunting, blunting, that's a fun thing 
 Yeah really it is 
 Aiyo this is me in my natural habitat 
 Shoot your grandma 'cause she looks like a cat 
 I drink a litre of tylenol 
 Petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol 
 Fuckit 
 Bling bling, I'm tired of everything 
 Ding dong I sing a song for this chick wearing a thong 
 I wanna stay alive, I wanna survive and I wanna perform live 
 I need time 
 To heal 'cause there's no chance that I will kneel down like a clown and frown 
 It's time to cheer, not shed a tear but I fear that death is coming near 
 I can hear it from the rear, I can see it clear 
 I got support from my friends 
 But everything tends to send me to court 
 I lock myself in my fort it's the kinda sort that send me a package of Blends 
 To my porch lighting a torch to see the world I envy 
 Everything can be nothing to see this is me 
 Aiyo this is me in my natural habitat 
 Shoot your grandma 'cause she looks like a cat 
 I drink a litre of tylenol 
 Petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol 
 Fuckit 
 I will tell you about what runs my life 
 It's the hate, and the rate of thoughts 
 Living on tequila shots and cuttin' myself wit knives 
 My brain dives into a nothingness 
 A bottomless hole 
 Filled with pain and sorrow 
 No time to borrow a rhyme to make things aight 
 'Cause it's pointless 
 Timeless 
 I'm tired of this 
 I wanna be famous 
 And entertainous 
 All I see is pain 
 And all I feel is rain 
 Hitting my overheated brain 
 This is insane 
 How can one person make you feel like this 
 Make you just wanna diss 
 And give another one a fake kiss 
 I approve with this wrist 
 And remove my foolish pulse 
 That beats for nothing 
 At least now you'll have something 
 To think about 
 This will be the last time you hurt me, 'cause I hurt myself 
 Then I shout 
 Fall to the ground 
 Now things will turn around 
 Will I maybe be happy now 
 I bow to thee 
 The mistress of depressed horror 
 I'm infested, not the least bit interested 
 In life 
 This is what will happen now 
 I will pull out this mag 
 And aim it toward my head 
 I will say that you're a fag 
 Then I'm dead 
 Will anyone miss me 
 Or is the world so full with greed 
 That people try to keep what I twirled 
 Aiyo this is me in my natural habitat 
 Am I underground, or am I just a spoiled brat 
 I drink a litre of tylenol 
 Petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol 
 Fuckit 
 Natural Habitat continues until music fades
 This mother fucker again? 
 Just won't shut up, will you? 
 Talkin' 'bout I owe you 
 Bitch you owe me, I'm promoting you right now 
 Let's put the nail in the coffin 
 I don't wanna be like this 
 I don't really wanna hurt no feelings 
 But I'm only being real when I say 
 Nobody wants to hear this grandfather rap (nope) 
 And old men have heart attacks 
 And I don't wanna be responsible for that 
 So put the mic down and walk away 
 You can still have a little bit of dignity 
 I would never claim to be no 
 Ray Benzino 
 An 83 year old, fake Pacino 
 So how can he hold me over some balcony 
 Without throwing his lower back out 
 As soon as he goes to lift me? 
 Please don't, you'll probably fall with me 
 And our asses will both be history 
 But then again, you'll finally get your wish 
 'Cause you'll be all over the street like 50 Cent 
 Fucking punk, pussy, fuck you chump 
 Give me a one-on-one, see if I don't fuck you up 
 Tryna jump the ruff ryders and they cut you up 
 And you put Jada on a track, that's how much you suck 
 Dick in the industry 
 Swear that you in the streets, hustling 
 You sit behind a fucking desk at the Source butt kissing 
 And begging muthafuckas for guest appearances 
 And you can't even get the clearance 
 Cause real lyricists don't even respect you, or take you serious 
 It's not that we don't like you, 
 We hate you, period! 
 Talk about a midlife crisis, damn 
 Last week you was shaking Obie Trice's hand 
 Now he's a busta? What the fuck's with that 
 Get on a track dissing us, kissing 50's ass 
 And asking me what I know about indictments, bite me! 
 Bitch, I got two cases, and probation, fight me! 
 What do I know about standing in front of a judge like a man 
 Ready to take whatever sentence he hands 
 What you know about your wife slicing her wrists 
 Right in front of the only thing you have in this world, 
 A little girl 
 And I'll put that on her 
 When this is all over 
 I would never try to make her a star, and eat off her 
 I don't shit about no shopping rocks 
 But what you know about hip-hop shops, rocking spots 
 When you're the only white boy up in that bitch, just ripping 
 Pressing up your own flyers, and your stickers 
 Sticking them bitches up after spending six hours at Kinko's 
 Making copies of your covers of cassette singles 
 To sell them out of the trunk of your tracer 
 Spending your whole pay check at disc makers 
 What you know about being bullied over half your life 
 Oh that's right, you should know what that's like, you're half white! 
 Vanilla ice, full of beans and rice, I'm eating you alive inside, Jesus Christ! 
 If you that much of a gangsta, put the mic down 
 You should be out killing muthafuckas right now 
 Kill a muthafucka dead, kill him dead bitch 
 Shoot him in the fucking head, go ahead bitch 
 Slap my mom, slap the fuck out of her 
 She can't sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of you 
 'Cause you're broke as fuck, you suck 
 You're a fucking joke, if you was really selling coke 
 Well then what the fuck you stop for, dummy? 
 If you slew some crack, 
 You'd make a lot more money than you do from rap 
 You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous 
 You'll never know what it's like to be rich, life's a bitch, ain't it, 
 Raymond? Here, let me me break this shit down in layman's 
 Terms for you just to make sure 
 That you can understand this and Canibus ain't using 
 Too many complicated fucking words for you 
 Here, let me slow it down for you so that you can understand if I say it slower: 
 Let it go, dawg, it's over. 
 I don't wanna be like this 
 I don't really wanna hurt no feelings 
 But I'm only being real when I say 
 Nobody wants to hear this grandfather rap 
 And old men have heart attacks 
 And I don't wanna be responsible for that 
 So put the mic down and walk away 
 You can still have a little bit of dignity 
 (Eminem talking) 
 Haha, talkin' about I have muthafuckas calling your crib 
 Bitch, you ain't even got a fucking crib 
 You don't even got a fucking phone, you fucking punk 
 Threatening to shut me down at your little fucking Source magazine if I come back at you and attack you 
 Bitch, you attacked me first, take it like a man and shut the fuck up 
 Fuck you little magazine to, I don't need your little fucking magazine 
 I got XXL's number anyways, 
 And y'all can't stand it 'cause they gettin' bigger than y'all 
 Oh, and by the way how'd I look at the VMA's? 
 When you was watchin' me, from what ever fuckin' TV you was watching me from 
 In Boston, the mean streets of Boston 
 Fucking sissy 
 And you gotta stand up you mutha fucka 
 Suck my mutha fucking dick 
 Oh, and for those that don't know 
 Don't get it twisted, y'all 
 The Source has a white owner!
 Comin' up it never mattered what color you was, if you could spit then you could spit, that's it, that's what it was. 
 Back when motherfuckers was straight back packin' syphron fightin' for life in this rap for the mic to get passed, and you phsyiced and your gassin, and you hyped cause you lastin, and you might win some massive, if you lost then you lost, shake hands like a man and you swallowed it. 
 Went on some hype column in the source was like my only source of light when the mics use to mean something, the four was like you was the shit, now it's like the least you get 3 and a half now which means yous a piece of shit, for and a half or five means you 
 Biggie 
 Jigga 
 Naz, or 
 Benzino. 
 See I don't even think you realize you playin' with motherfuckers lives. I don't watch 
 Greg get fucked on the chronic probably 'cause I was on it. 
 Now you fucked me out of my mics twice, I let it slide, I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin' breathe to get a five, shit I was right I'ld a fuckin' died already tryin' I swear to 
 God, I never lied. 
 Tell us why you and that bitch gave me that bullshit review, I sat and took it, and look at the shit we knew, you try to fuck us with obby in 52. hhhkkkk pewww, fuck a relationship we through, no more source with street credit them days is dead, 
 Ray's got 
 AK's to 
 Dave 
 Mays' head... 
 Every issue there's an 8 page makemen spread. 
 Will someone please tell him whoever braids his head I am not afraid of this fuckin' wastin lead on my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple. 
 So listen closely, 'cause I break it down and proceed, this oj's 'bout to get smoked like row weed. 
 You don't know me or my motherfuckin' mother you motherfuckin' punk. 
 Put me on your fuckin' cover just to sell you little sell out mag., I ain't mad I feel bad, here's an ad here's a poster of 
 Ray 
 Ray and his dad. 
 You want to talk about some shit you don't know about, yeah, let's talk about how your puttin' your own son out there to try to eat off him, cause you missed your boat, cause your never gunna blow bitch, your just too old. 
 No wonder your sore now, lordy your bored now, I'm pushin' 30 your kick 40's door down. 
 Business is war and you'll never beat me, all you do is cheat me, out of cordables, but you know you'll always see me, on your little TV, cause you got to stay up to 3 in the mornin' to see your video played once on 
 B.E.T. 
 So, hehe he, who has the last laugh after mad gas, you won't be half of a whole stack. 
 Kiss her asshole cracks, you'll never fold or whole back, just know that. 
 Benzy knows whack, no matter how many times I say his name, he'll never blow jack. 
 Your better off tryin' to bring 
 R and 
 Soul back, look at your track record, that's how far it goes back... 
 It's extortion and rounds of portion, so half of the staff affair fresh out of jail from 
 Boston. 
 Bullyin' and bossin', gave like a slave, they completely brain washed him, and forced him to stay locked in his own office. 
 Afraid of the softest vaguest wanna be gangsta in 
 New 
 York. 
 And it's pitiful 'cause I would have never said shit if you'd kept your mouth shut bitch now what. 
 Here da clue, spit it 
 Slain, new shit, exclusive your landin and yo who get, you know what to do with this use it, I'm through witdis, this is stupid, I can't believe I stooped to this bullshit to do this, and who you callin a bitch... bitch. 
 You owe me.
 I don't figure this rap shit out 
 I map shit out strategically 
 Timing is everything and it seems to be the key 
 Let 'em diss you first 
 And respond immediately 
 In order to master the art of war 
 Don't start a war 
 Shit not no more 
 We done scared 'em off there are no more 
 Victims are sick 
 I'm fixing to pick some to start shit 
 Ain't got no pictures to rip 
 And shit to throw darts at 
 Ain't got no more targets 
 Shit Irv and Jeff 
 We done beat 'em to death 
 Benzino in debt 
 There just seems to just be no one left to bully 
 Bush is pussy 
 Why the fuck you think his names Bush? 
 Puss is bushy 
 Ain't shit goin' on 
 Shit I've been getting so bored lately 
 I'm thinkin' of doin' some shit to get you to go and hate me again 
 Tell the truth I like the shit better than 
 Shit I could spit better 
 I'm 'bout to kick that sick shit again 
 Look... the game just ain't the same 
 It changes 
 Shit Dre's quittin' 
 Jay's quittin' 
 Now it's just wanksta 
 Just saying the same shit 
 It's fake and its ancient 
 It's making me so bored I'mma just make a new language 
 Fubba you cubba cubba 
 Ubba you ubba ooba 
 You can sus susa my 
 Bib dick tooa tooba 
 Some of the humane kinda' Llama[?] 
 I'm not a human I'm a suicidal 
 Supersonic 
 Suicidal 
 Unibomber 
 You think I'mma do Osama 
 Presidama - do Madona 
 Jeffry on the leven with his legacy to carry on 
 A lotta' talk of rumors on us who's the hottest to be honest 
 Hip hop just ain't been the same 
 Since Tupac moved to Cuba on us
 Yeah, yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you 
 (Bang) 
 Eminem and Fuzz and Mr. Swifty 
 No one's iller than me 
 (Wha?) 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 No one's iller than me 
 It's Mr. Swifty from the 313 
 I make rappers wanna turn into singers 
 I keep hoes lickin' they fingers 
 Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
 Got your whole crew doing subpoenas 
 Hell nah, you ain't seen a crew genius 
 Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters 
 Keep it close, you can't beat us 
 While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this 
 I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin' rejects 
 While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret 
 That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell 
 From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals 
 I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail 
 Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well 
 Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials 
 Horrified and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels 
 Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now 
 Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how? 
 I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild 
 Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates 
 It's Swifty from the 313 
 Like I said no one is iller than me 
 Me and Eminem and Mike, drivin' down Van Dyke 
 Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite 
 Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason 
 Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10, I'm facin' 
 Last week this old man I had to blast 
 'Cause he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas 
 Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook 
 Didn't realize it was my grandmother till I checked her pocketbook 
 Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack 
 Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at 
 I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should 
 This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good 
 Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
 Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell, "Everybody get out" 
 My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece 
 'Cause she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 
 Nobody better test me 'cause I don't wanna get messy 
 Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly 
 New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs 
 Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs 
 True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs 
 Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs 
 Down a fifth, crack open a six 
 I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now, I gotta take a piss 
 I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends 
 Who gives a fuck who they was 
 I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does 
 They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz? 
 We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz 
 Mics get sandblasted, stab your abdomen 
 With a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid 
 Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it 
 Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a hand basket 
 Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted 
 Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic 
 Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic 
 Furious four motherfuckers 
 Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters 
 Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me 
 I run shit like an ass with legs 
 Massive lead to leave your cabbage red 
 Similar to your ass in a casket dead 
 Drastic spread of acid heads 
 Come to abort you like a bastard egg 
 That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs 
 Ask the feds from past the edge 
 Rockin' the most classic threads 
 Flashin' bread, roll down the window 
 Bitch, you got some fantastic legs 
 You can get till that ass get red 
 You can get till that ass get red 
 Bizarre, you get him and him, Swift you get him and him 
 I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem 
 Never writer's block, I block writers 
 My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters 
 Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick 
 Some bitch ran up screamin', "Get the cops, quick" 
 And got drop kicked, now she screamin', "Stop it" 
 Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit 
 Wherever you shop, bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick 
 Sick, a-y'all niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits 
 I shoot a rocket through your optic 
 You niggaz still don't know the top pick? 
 I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass 
 And have you shittin' socks, bitch 
 We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split 
 Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits 
 (No one) 
 Ain't nobody iller than me 
 It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 It's Eminem and Swift from the 313 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313 
 You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees 
 From the home of potholes and trash 
 We'll lyrically blast
 My heart is telling me to be different 
 Its about time for me to move on 
 Swallow everything, that I learned 
 I'm at a point of no return 
 No return no return no return 
 No return no return no return no return 
 I'm at a point of no return. 
 Man it feels like these walls are closing in, this roof is caving in, 
 Oop its time to raise it then 
 Your days are numbered like pages in my book 
 Of rhymes got 'em cookem boy 
 This crooked mind of mine got 'em all shook 
 And scared to look in my eyes, 
 I stole that fuckin' clock, I took the time and I came up from behind 
 And pretty much snuck up and butt f-cked this game up 
 Better be careful when you bring my name up fuck this fame 
 That ain't what I came to claim, but the game ain't gonna be the same 
 On the day that I leave it 
 I swear one way or another I'ma make these f-ckin haters believe it, 
 I swear to god wont spear the rod, I'm a man of my word 
 So your fuckin' heads better nod 
 I'm gonna fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody 
 Sleep on me that pillow is where your head will lie, 
 Permanently bitch it's beddy-bye, 
 This world is my easter egg, yeah, prepare to die' 
 My head is swoll 
 My confidence is up 
 This stage is my pedastal 
 I'm unstoppable the incredible hulk 
 Your trapped in my medicine ball 
 I can run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head will spin dog, 
 I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives, I'll fuckin' 
 My heart is telling me to be different 
 Its about time for me to move on 
 Swallow everything, that I learned 
 I'm at a point of no return 
 No return no return no return 
 No return no return no return no return 
 I'm at a point of no return. 
 One thing bout music when it hits you feel no pain 
 And I swear I got this shit that makes these bitches go insane 
 So they tell me that they love me I know better than that it's just game 
 It's just what comes from fame 
 And I'm ready for that I'm just saying 
 I really can't complain, everything is kosher 
 Two thumbs up, ebert and roeper 
 I really can't see the end getting any closer 
 But I'll probably still be the man when everything is over 
 So I'm riding through the city with my high beams on 
 Can you see me can you see me get your visine on 
 Y'all just do not fit the picture 
 Turn your wide screen on 
 If you thinking I'm gonna quit before I die dream on 
 Man they treat me like a legend 
 Am I really this cold 
 I'm really too young to be feeling this old 
 It's about time you admit it who you kidding man 
 Nobody's ever done it like I did it 
 My heart is telling me to be different 
 Its about time for me to move on 
 Swallow everything, that I learned 
 I'm at a point of no return 
 No return no return no return 
 No return no return no return no return 
 I'm at a point of no return. 
 I'm hot motherfucker, get a plate bitch 
 Don't say shit, get your face lift 
 Rozay bitch let the champagne drip 
 Niggas swag jack, but this l.a. shit 
 Get it back, give it back ain't 'bout shit 
 Snap back them ain't even rare where the tag a what 
 Wack ass all up in my ear bitch bag back 
 I bag bad bitches motherfucker kat stacks 
 Yellow nigga, no cabs 
 Got the phantom out, no mats 
 Get your camera out uh, one flash 
 Hot beams steady shot clap your ass 
 Aw, t. raw I'm so uh 
 Loc's on, chucks low, black beanie dog 
 Patron top wash straight from the liquor store 
 I'm turned up I can't feel my face so 
 My heart is telling me to be different 
 Its about time for me to move on 
 Swallow everything, that I learned 
 I'm at a point of no return 
 No return no return no return 
 No return no return no return no return 
 I'm at a point of no return.
 (Eminem) 
 I really liked you 
 And you didn't listen 
 And now I wanan take back everything I said 
 I wish I were dead 
 To many things that I did 
 To many wrongs that I've done 
 How could I be so stupid 
 Not thinkin' of anyone else 
 Just thinkin' about me 
 If you think a while 
 You will fine out that no one in this world of ours 
 Is perfect 
 (Eminem) 
 I shoulda been thinkin' about the others around me 
 Who I would be hurtin' 
 Who I made mad 
 Who I made sad 
 I just wish I could take it all back 
 Even at the cost of my lyrics 
 Can't bare it 
 I need you 
 I'm nothing without you 
 I'm scared of life 
 I need someone by my side 
 I don't wanna just sit and hide 
 If you think a while 
 You will fine out that no one in this world of ours 
 Is perfect 
 I'm tired of life 
 And its bad ride 
 Everyone that's died in Iraq 
 When the United States were under attack 
 All the terorism goin' on 
 Everyone that been hit by a bomb 
 If you think a while 
 You will fine out that no one in this world of ours 
 Is perfect.
 Back when Andre the giant, mister elephant tusk, 
 Fix your must, you'll just be another one bit the dust. 
 Just one of, my mothers son who got thrown under the bus. 
 Kiss my butt, Lick frumunda cheese from under my nuts. 
 It disgusts, me to see the game the way that it looks. 
 It's a must, I redeem my name 'n' haters get mushed. 
 Bitch-s lust, Man they love me when I lay in the cut. 
 Fist the cut, The lady give her eighty some paper cut. 
 Now picture us, Its ridiculous you curse at the thought, 
 'Cause when I spit the verse the sh-t gets worse then Worcestershure sauce. 
 If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time. 
 Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes. 
 Its elementary, The elephants have entered the room. 
 I venture to say we're the center of attention its true. 
 Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal, 
 Of the bat symbol, The platinum trio's back on you hoes.
 Ecstasy in the air 
 I don't care, can't tell me nothing 
 I'm impaired, the worst for wear 
 'Cause 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 Can't you see 
 Ain't it clear, I don't care 
 Get closer to me 
 If you dare 
 I double dare 
 'Cause 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb... 
 I'm plastered, (dry wall) 
 Look me in my (eyeball) 
 Do I look high? 
 No 
 I love the way you lie girl, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Come here dear, I'm trying to get closer to you 
 I'm motioning you to pull over you boo 
 I'm the siren that you're hear, hear 
 I'm the butt police, and I'm looking at your rear, rear, rear 
 But the odds are, I'mma end up in the back of a squad car 
 By the end of tonight 
 I'm a rock star, get your wind up 
 It's attack of the Oddball 
 Homie can you show me where the gosh darn bath salts are 
 'Cause I'm sick of sniffing asphalt 
 Every thought scarred got, now my pants off 
 The crosswalk, it's suspenders 
 And I can't feel my lips cause 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb 
 I'm going numb, I'm going numb
 You know what you're doin' when you do it for the ladies 
 So won't you please step up to the mic, baby? 
 Gettin' me bored lately 
 I been playin' in poison ivy and pee 
 I been itchin' to get in some s-h-i-t 
 You heard what I s-a-i-d 
 This club? I guess they I.D 
 But they just let me in without it, so I guess they like me 
 I'm putting my best thing, white teeth
 What? Uh 
 The bad 
 Yeah 
 The Evil 
 Right, yo 
 Put 'em together 
 Yo, if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you 'cause I got nuttin' to do 
 I am bored 
 I came in the diner with skateboarders and placed orders 
 Ate hors d'oeuvres and hit the waiter with plate warmers 
 Let you inhale the glock smell while I'm rippin' your wallet off 
 And slippin' a Molotov in your Cocktail 
 (Take that) 
 Burnin' your contracts, punch your A and R in the face 
 Smash his glasses and turn 'em to contacts 
 I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin' I took it 
 (Whoops) 
 Nurse look at this straightjacket, it's crooked 
 I go to jail and murder you from a cell 
 Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail 
 (FedEx) 
 So how do you describe someone with a decapitated head 
 When the rest of his body's still alive runnin'? 
 Comin' with five gunmen, waitin' to do a drive-by 
 So when you see the black 500, hide from it 
 (What?) 
 For every hundred MC's rhymin' about birds 
 Only about two-thirds'd really set it without words 
 Yo, you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up 
 Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin' slugs 
 (What?) 
 I'm the hottest shit in the industry 
 (Uh) 
 I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin' me 
 You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast 
 The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half 
 You know how a thug in this shit'll end up 
 Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up 
 (What?) 
 I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up 
 Heat it up, you be leakin' blood and spittin' phlegm up 
 Now we rivals 'cause of a small name or title 
 You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible 
 Yo, if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you 'cause I got nuttin' to do 
 Yo, if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you 'cause I got nuttin' to do 
 Forget a chorus, my metaphors are so complicated 
 It takes six minutes to get applause 
 (Yay) 
 And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career 
 And walk away with the whole floor 
 So you have nothin' to fall back on 
 I'll throw you off of ten floors, ah 
 Pull a fuckin' headache outta my head and put it in yours 
 (Take this) 
 I'm indoors waitin' for this acid to seep in my skin pores 
 To go outdoors and do some in-stores 
 This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen 
 You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin" 
 Gettin' skullie while I'm autographin' 
 Got my daughter laughin' 
 'Cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin' 
 I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear 
 Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-haul screamin' 
 "Wait, wait, wait, you ain't movin' here" 
 Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souveneir? 
 I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer 
 Juvenile? Same difference, I need some 'caine 
 'Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants 
 (Oh my God) 
 Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance 
 I won't stay the same 'cause I traded brains with a chimpanz' 
 Walkin' in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood 
 Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug 
 To break braces, you say grace and make faces 
 I'll display hate and break you in eight places 
 (What?) 
 Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff 
 Precise aim, icin' my fame, blowin' your hand off 
 Dancin' with the Devil leadin', I won't die, I'm never leavin' 
 (What?) 
 I pledge allegiance to forever breathin' 
 Street niggaz with nuts, what? My meat's bigger 
 (What?) 
 Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers 
 With a deathwish thinkin' I'm the nigga to mess with 
 Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace 
 For instance, you just a henchmen on tough soil 
 (What?) 
 A follower never had heart, he just loyal 
 Thugs is glass doors, I see through 'em, put the heat to 'em 
 Be careful you might get what you ask for 
 Yo, if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you 'cause I got nuttin' to do 
 Yo, if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you 'cause I got nuttin' to do 
 The Bad, the Evil 
 The Bad, the Evil
 [Royce] What? Uhh.. 
 [Em] The Bad.. 
 [Royce] Yeah.. 
 [Em] The Evil.. 
 [Royce] Right, yo 
 [Em] put em together 
 [Royce the 5-9, Eminem] 
 [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip 
 [Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew 
 [Royce] Yo.. 
 [both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do 
 [Eminem] 
 I am bored!!!!! 
 I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders 
 Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers *crash sound* 
 Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin your wallet off 
 And slippin a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that) 
 Burnin your contracts, punch your A&R in the face *punch sound* 
 Smash his glasses and turn em to contacts 
 I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin I took it (whoops!) 
 Nurse look at this straightjacket, it's crooked! 
 I go to jail and murder you from a cell 
 Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx) 
 So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head 
 When the rest of his body's still alive RUNNIN? 
 [Royce] 
 Comin with five gunmen, waitin to do a drive-by 
 So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it 
 For every hundred MC's rhymin about birds 
 Only about two-thirds'd really set it without words 
 Yo you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up 
 Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin slugs (what?) 
 I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh) 
 I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin me 
 You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast 
 The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half 
 You know how a thug in this shit'll end up 
 Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?) 
 I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up 
 Heat it up, you be leakin blood and spittin phlegm up 
 Now we rivals, cause of a small name or title 
 You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible 
 [Royce the 5-9, Eminem] 
 [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip 
 [Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew 
 [Royce] Yo.. 
 [both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do 
 [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip 
 [Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew 
 [Royce] Yo.. 
 [both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do 
 [Eminem] 
 *yawns* Forget a chorus -- my metaphors are so complicated 
 It takes six minutes to get applause (yay) 
 And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career 
 And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin to fall back on! 
 I'll throw you off of ten floors .. *AHHHHHHH* 
 Pull a fuckin headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this) 
 I'm indoors, waitin for this acid to seep in my skin pores 
 To go outdoors and do some in-stores 
 This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen. 
 You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin" 
 Gettin skullie while I'm autographin 
 Got my daughter laughin cause I sent her mother Withewater raftin 
 I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear 
 Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-haul screamin, 
 "Wait, wait, wait.. you ain't movin here!" 
 Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souveneir? 
 I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer 
 Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine 
 Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants 
 (Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance 
 I won't stay the same cause I traded brains with a chimpanz' 
 [Royce] 
 Walkin in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood 
 Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug 
 To break braces, you say grace and make faces 
 I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?) 
 Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff 
 Precise aim, icin my fame, blowin your hand off 
 Dancin with the Devil leadin - I won't die, I'm never leavin (what?) 
 I pledge allegiance to forever breathin 
 Street niggaz with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?) 
 Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers 
 With a deathwish, thinkin I'm the nigga to mess with 
 Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace 
 For instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil (what?) 
 A follower never had heart, he just loyal 
 Thugs is glass doors, I see through em, put the heat to em 
 Be careful you might get what you ask for 
 [Royce the 5-9, Eminem] 
 [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip 
 [Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew 
 [Royce] Yo.. 
 [both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do 
 [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip 
 [Em] If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 
 If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew 
 [Royce] Yo.. 
 [both] I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do 
 [Em] The Bad.. the Evil.. 
 The Bad.. the Evil..
 Royce: What? Uh 
 Em: The bad 
 Royce: Yeah 
 Em: The evil 
 Royce: Right, yo 
 Em: Put 'em together 
 Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do 
 I am bored 
 I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders 
 Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers 
 Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin' your wallet off 
 And slippin' a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that) 
 Burnin' your contracts, punch your A&R in the face 
 Smash his glasses and turn 'em to contacts 
 I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin' I took it (whoops!) 
 Nurse, look at this straightjacket, it's crooked! 
 I go to jail and murder you from a cell 
 Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx) 
 So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head 
 When the rest of his body's still alive, runnin'? 
 Royce: 
 Comin' with five gunmen, waitin' to do a drive-by 
 So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it 
 For every hundred MC's rhymin' about birds 
 Only about two-thirds'd really said it without words 
 Yo, you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up 
 Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin' slugs (what?) 
 I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh) 
 I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin' me 
 You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast 
 The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half 
 You know how a thug in this shit'll end up 
 Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?) 
 I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up 
 Heat it up, you be leakin' blood and spittin' phlegm up 
 Now we rivals, 'cause of a small name or title 
 You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and Bible 
 Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do 
 Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do 
 (Eminem) 
 Forget a chorus; my metaphors are so complicated 
 It takes six minutes to get applause (yay) 
 And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career 
 And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin' to fall back on 
 I'll throw you off of ten floors 
 Pull a fuckin' headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this) 
 I'm indoors, waitin' for this acid to seep in my skin pores 
 To go outdoors and do some in-stores 
 This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen. 
 You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin." 
 Gettin' skullie while I'm autographin' 
 Got my daughter laughin' 'cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin' 
 I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear 
 Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-Haul screamin', 
 "Wait, wait, wait, you ain't movin' here!" 
 Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souvenir? 
 I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer 
 Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine 
 'Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants 
 (Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance 
 I won't stay the same 'cause I traded brains with a chimpanz' 
 (Royce) 
 Walkin' in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood 
 Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug 
 To break braces, you say grace and make faces 
 I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?) 
 Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff 
 Precise aim, icin' my fame, blowin' your hand off 
 Dancin' with the Devil leadin'; I won't die, I'm never leavin' (what?) 
 I pledge allegiance to forever breathin' 
 Street niggas with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?) 
 Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers 
 With a death wish, thinkin' I'm the nigga to mess with 
 Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace 
 For instance, you just a henchman, on tough soil (what?) 
 A follower never had heart, he just loyal 
 Thugs is glass doors, I see through 'em, put the heat to 'em 
 Be careful you might get what you ask for 
 Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do 
 Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip 
 If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit 
 If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew 
 Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do 
 Em: The bad... the evil 
 The bad... the evil
 Uh, uh, uh, play that shit 
 What the fuck you doing Stretch 
 Gotta stretch your neck 
 You better protect it 
 I'mma inspect today 
 Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ho, ho 
 Where's my words at 
 Yo see Slim Shady yo, where the birds at 
 Me and Flip the middle ones 
 Rappers get these little ones in they mouth 
 These little nuts, yeah 
 Shit, I don't care I ain't afraid to admit it 
 I got a little dick yeah, but so do you 
 You scared to admit it 
 You won't spit it on this mother friggen mic 
 'Cause I will strike and smack your ass like a friggen fag 
 And I don't care if you get offended 
 I never pretended to rock this microphone beef 
 You wanna start it now we'll end it 
 'Cause when I slip in the zone up on this microphone 
 People want me to do a written rap but fuck that go home 
 I don't really give a damn I'll kick right off of the top 
 And everything that I drop always gonna remain hot 
 Let on the spot, Slim, I mean woops, Grim it's when I'm dim 
 Yo, I'm in affect mode 
 Rappers get they neck sewed 
 Get they whole threshold fucked up 
 Get they game presto 
 Ha, ha 
 I busted, I kill it, I crush it, I do it, the fluid, I spill it, I'm ill wit 
 These motherfucking rhymes that I be coming with there running with me 
 Kick you in the motherfucking stomach shit 
 Cause you don't want none of it 
 Rappers always try but they always die 
 And rappers always stuck to me and tried to lie 
 (Arf, Arf) 
 Yo, where my dogs at 
 Yo (err, ribbit) where my frogs at 
 In the house, It really doesn't matter 'cause I still turn it out 
 When I step on this mic, smacking your spouse 
 Ha, Ha 
 The illest MC to come off the top 
 When I get this drum off 
 Yo Strech give me a break, let me catch my friggen breath 
 And till the death, bust rhymes till there's none left 
 I'm wanted for theft and robbery 
 And probably smack a bitch up in the lobby G 
 'Cause she don't want none of me 
 I'm the illest MC to ever hold a cordless on the planet earth and you'll see 
 That I'm from the friggen D 
 Y'all don't get my point I'm from Detroit 
 Smoking fake grass like a joint 
 That's the first simplest rhyme I ever said in my life 
 But, at the end of the night I'll still be fucking your wife 
 Shit, I really don't care your style needs to switch 
 Cause you ain't rich, that's why you ain't rich 
 Remain underground, can't come off the top 
 You can't drop rhymes nonstop like this 
 I might twist my friggen dick up in your ear 
 Rappers always wanna stand clear 
 I'm a motherfucking landmine 
 Y'all don't understand mine 
 I'm Slim Shady showing out like my tan line 
 Ha, ha 
 The illest MC to rhyme 
 Every time the illest MC of our time 
 I rhyme time and time twice but I'm nice 
 With this mic device I slice right through your Adams apple 
 I had a Snapple and a motherfriggen syringe 
 Up in the bathroom I shouldn't have but yo I boinked 
 To any MC up in this shit who want some 
 To any MC who wanna step up and get some 
 Get done, fuck competition 
 Let me catch my breath one more time 
 Yo, I'm on a mission 
 To stomp any MC comp I just trunked 
 And swamp is this truamp unheard, no it's not 
 Yo, but here I go with this lyrical, lyricols, spiritual flows, that I slow 
 Driving MC's crazy, Slim Shady, up in your motherfucking radio baby
 Oh no what's happening to my brain 
 I can't believe this is happening again 
 Lava out my lips I flips 
 Wake up think I have a cramp 
 I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass 
 I think I'm out of gas, man 
 I think I need another mask 
 I'd ask my mother but I think she's laughing at the plants 
 A half a gram of graham crackers and some Van de Kamp's 
 I think I'll eat some Ambiens like they're candied yams 
 Cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack 
 Abraf-ckingcadabra motherf-cker look who's back 
 Just like a pendulum, Satan's pentagram swings 
 I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing 
 Shit I think I might have did it when I was dancing 
 While I was chopping one of my legs off and pulled a hamstring 
 First I Re-up, then I Relapse 
 Go to rehab then I Detox after I see Doc 
 And I'll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle 
 'Cause I react like the She-Hulk when I see Nyquil 
 Oh no 
 Here we go again 
 When it's going to end 
 Where did it begin 
 Maybe way back when 
 Into the well, baby Jessica fell 
 She may have wetted herself 
 Quit playing, get her some help 
 Mary Kay Letourneau sending me letters from jail 
 Every day in journals saying how 
 She wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo 
 I'm the medicine man 
 My medical marijuana was prescribed by a doctor 
 Shove a typewriter up her 
 Perez Hilton's ass, shit, almost forgot that 
 He's always shoving something up his ass so why not that? 
 And f-ck it while I'm venting let's shove a vending machine 
 Up his rear end when he's bending over pretending that he 
 Didn't say anything that would be offending to me 
 Stick his head in a blender, begin blending in G 
 Where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair? 
 Put him under the stairs? People are already under there 
 Hmm, I wonder where. Wait, I think the cubpoard's bare 
 Stuff him up in the tupperware and shove him up in there 
 Vicod* like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin 
 I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again 
 I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again 
 Who am I kidding? I couldn't quit this shit if my life depends 
 I relapsed twice after I came outta Brighton then 
 Yeah, rehab's nice, I had my name up in lights again 
 You see that's why I can't decipher what life I'm in 
 I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her and dice her then 
 It sounds so enticing, isn't it nice when I'm hype again? 
 I'm nice when I'm like this, no time to write just type it in 
 If I could get my pen to slow down, what'd I write just then? 
 Man I'm about to hyperventilate, I just have hyper-tension 
 I have the type of mental state you couldn't comprehend 
 Unusually stupid of you for you to think I'm your friend 
 I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence 
 I offer no mercy, the controversy is once again
 Out in the world on my own 
 Don't like to be here by myself 
 Looking for something inside me 
 That will guide me in direction of hope 
 Don't like to be out in the world on my own 
 'Cause I don't wanna live my life like something I don't know 
 Can't find that thing inside of me that will help me grow 
 Can't stand to live... out in the world on my own 
 Feeln sorry for myself 
 'Cause I can't be where I wanna be 
 Left out by myself 
 Hoping and wondering for the perfect day 
 Don't like to be out in the world on my own 
 'Cause I don't wanna live my life like somthin' I don't know 
 Can't find that thing inside of me that will help me grow 
 Can't stand to live out in the world on my own 
 ... 
 Music 
 ... 
 Out in the world on my own
 Hey hey hey (x3) 
 Shady 
 Aftermath 
 (Haha) 
 G-unit 
 Haha 
 EMINEM (chorus) : 
 'Cause we came here to set this party off 
 Right- let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave again 
 Without- at least saying goodbye 
 So All my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Eminem: 
 Get ya ass up for the doctor 
 One more time 
 Get ya ass up for the doctor 
 Come on now, here we go 
 Cliff hanger 
 Its another club banger 
 Got ya hangin' on the edge of ya seat 
 Get on down 
 Dr. dre: 
 Times up 
 Game's over 
 You lose, I win 
 Time to show these knucle heads how to do this here 
 Ooh yeah, new year 
 Next phase begin 
 Look whos got you goin' crazy again 
 I'm a trend 
 I set one every time I'm in 
 I go out and just come back 
 Full circle again 
 You a fad 
 That means somethin' that we already had 
 But once you're gone, you don't come back 
 Eminem (both): 
 Too bad 
 You're off the map now 
 Radar can't even find you 
 We stay on the grind 
 You slip, we out grind you 
 Walk around mad 
 You let your anger blind you 
 We walk around just playin' 
 The violin behind you 
 Enough with the pissin, and moanin' whinin' an bitchin' 
 Sit and observe, listen 
 You'll learn if you pay attention 
 Why ten multi-platinum albums lay to 3 diamond 
 World- wide 
 We on the charts with a bullet and still climbin' 
 'Cause we came here to set this party off 
 Right- let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave again 
 Without- at least saying goodbye 
 So All my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Eminem: 
 When doctor dre says crunk 
 You will get it crunk 
 (Get it crunk) 
 Crunk, crunk, crunk 
 And when 50 cent says jump 
 You'll get on one foot and- 
 Jump, jump, jump, jump 
 Dr. dre: 
 The buzz is tremendous 
 We drop you all to sense it 
 I don't gotta promote it 
 For you to know the doc is off the bitches 
 Eminem: 
 We keep the party rockin' off the hinges 
 We ain't showin off 
 We just goin' off popular consensus 
 Dr dre: 
 But critics say that doc is soft 
 Doc is talk, doc is all washed up 
 Knock it off 
 Who the fuck is doc impressin? 
 Doc is this, doc is that 
 You got the wrong impression 
 You must me on the cock 
 And doctor's not, if you on guessin 
 So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record 
 (What?) 
 We gon have this motherfucker off hoppin' in a second 
 (Bump bump) 
 That's why we always save the best cut last 
 To make you scratch ya itch for it 
 Like fresh cut grass 
 Eminem: 
 'Cause We done swam with the sharks 
 Wrestled with alligators 
 Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers 
 Whom if it wasn't for rap 
 To bridge the gap 
 Maybe raised to be racist 
 Who may have never got to see our faces 
 Grace to cover rolling stone pages 
 Broke down barriers of language and races 
 Callin the caped crusaders 
 And me and Dre to pass the mic and we can play the 
 Back and forth all day 
 Like hot-potato game 
 That's why we came ta' 
 'Cause we came here to set this party off 
 Right- let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave again 
 Without- at least saying goodbye 
 So All my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Fifty cent! Come on! 
 50 Cent: 
 Bounce now 
 Hands up 
 You know how we do 
 We make the club jump 
 Everywhere we go 
 It's no secret 
 Everybody know 
 When dre's involved 
 There's plenty money involved 
 DRE: 
 And pleanty honey's involved 
 Sundays and palm trees 
 Cali - everyday is just another party 
 From the valleys 
 All the way to them 8 mile alleys 
 Let's rally 
 Eminem: 
 Hands up for the grand finale 
 Now raise up out ya seat 
 Dre's about to speak 
 Blaze a pound a' weed 
 6 days up out the week 
 Dre: 
 You could catch me in the studio 
 Bangin' out the beats to 
 Provide you with the heat 
 That keep blazin' up out ya speaker 
 Eminem: 
 So never say never 
 'Cause shady/ aftermath together 
 Along with g-unit records 
 Presents the of the return of the 
 The doc 
 (And shady) 
 No one can do it better 
 We tear the club up and leave without a shread a' evidence 
 And uh... 
 'Cause we came here to set this party off 
 Right- let's bounce tonight 
 And if they don't let us in through the front 
 We'll come through the side 
 'Cause I don't ever wanna leave again 
 Without- at least saying goodbye 
 So All my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
 Yeah! 
 Haha! 
 Still aftermath! 
 2006 
 And don't worry about that detox album 
 It's comin' 
 We gon' make dre do it (haha) 
 50 cent 
 G-unit 
 Obie trice 
 D-twizzy 
 Stat quo 
 Doctor dre 
 We ain't leavin' 
 Let's go!
 Look, if you had one shot, one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted, one moment 
 Would you capture it, or just let it slip? Yo 
 His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin' 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's chokin' how, everybody's jokin' now 
 The clock's run out, time's up, over, BLOW! 
 Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity 
 Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad 
 But he won't give up that easy, no, he won't have it 
 He knows his whole back's to these ropes 
 It don't matter, he's dope 
 He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stagnant that he knows 
 When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's 
 Back to the lab again, yo, this whole rhapsody 
 He better go capture this moment and hope it don't colapse on him 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 The soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping 
 This world is mine for the taking, make me king 
 As we move toward a, new world order 
 A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to post-mortar 
 It only grows harder, only grows hotter 
 He blows us all over, these hoes is all on him 
 Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter 
 Lonely roads, god only knows he's grown farther from home 
 He's no father, he goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
 But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water 
 These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product 
 They moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
 He nose dove and sold nada 
 So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partner 
 But the beat goes on da da dum da dum da da 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
 Tear this mothafuckin' roof off like 2 dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginnin, the mood all changed 
 I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin', stepped writin' the next cypher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the fact 
 That I can't get by with my nine to five 
 And I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
 'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer 
 This is my life, and these times are so hard 
 And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus 
 Teetertotter caught up between bein a father and a prima donna 
 Baby mama drama screamin on and too much for me to wanna 
 Stay in one spot, another day of monotony 
 Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail 
 I've got to formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only mothafuckin' option, failure's not 
 Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go 
 I cannot grow old in Salem's lot 
 So here I go with my shot, feet fail me not 
 This may be the only opportunity that I got 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You can do anything you set your mind to, man
 Look, if you had one shot, one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted?one moment 
 Would you capture it or just let it slip? 
 His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's chokin, how everybody's jokin now 
 The clock's run out, time's up over, blow! 
 Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity 
 Oh, there goes rabbit, he choked 
 He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy, no 
 He won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropes 
 It don't matter, he's dope 
 He knows that, but he's broke 
 He's so stacked that he knows 
 When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's 
 Back to the lab again yo 
 This whole rap shit 
 He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 The soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping 
 This world is mine for the taking 
 Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order 
 A normal life is borin, but superstardom's close to post mortar 
 It only grows harder, only grows hotter 
 He blows us all over these hoes is all on him 
 Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter 
 Lonely roads, God only knows 
 He's grown farther from home, he's no father 
 He goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
 But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water his bosses don't want him no mo, he's cold product they moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
 He knows dove and sold nada 
 So the soap opera is told and unfolds 
 I suppose it's old potna, but the beat goes on 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
 Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginnin, the mood all changed 
 I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the fact 
 That I can't get by with my 9 to 5 
 And I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
 'Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And it's no movie, there's no mekhi phifer, this is my life 
 And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder 
 Tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus 
 See dishonor caught up bein a father and a prima donna 
 Baby mama drama's screamin on and 
 Too much for me to wanna 
 Stay in one spot, another jam or not 
 Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail 
 I've got to formulate a plot fore I end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not 
 Mom, I love you, but this trail has got to go 
 I cannot grow old in salem's lot 
 So here I go is my shot. 
 Feet fail me not 'cause maybe the only opportunity that I got 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime
 (Spoken: Eminem as Bin Laden) 
 Oh Dr Dre. Or should I say Dr Gay. 
 You are very bad man, you diss the wrong motherfucker. You think Osama won't diss you black biaaatch. 
 Things just ain't the same for Osama, 
 Since the World Trade Bombings, 
 And the Pentagon got the world calling 
 Me to kill all of congress, like...[blurred] 
 The Strangest things can happen to an Afghan 
 When people get wrapped up in Islam and Allah, 
 Then some shiteaters fly planes and wreak havoc, 
 Then go drop the blame on Bin Laden. 
 Now I got a faggot-ass rapper attacking me 
 With this gangsta rap, like I'm not gonna battle, 
 Dr Dre? The man wasn't done shit since NWA 
 And gave Eazy-E AIDS. 
 Don't make shoot night on your fat ass, 
 You homofuck, you ain't the only one goin' platinum. 
 Osama Bin Laden, keeping it gangsta, 
 Fuck Dr Dre, I'm the Aftermath. 
 Everywhere that I go ain't the same as before, 
 People I used to know just don't know me no more 
 And everywhere that I go, I got people I know, 
 Who've got people they know, so I suggest you lay low. 
 Oh Dr Dre look at you, you fool 
 I use your own rap against you, and I'm better. 
 Lick my balls, till they are dry, 
 Sorry... come again. 
 Things just ain't the same for Bin Laden, 
 This planet hates me more than Michael Jackson, 
 Hating on the Taliban for keeping me captive, 
 Threatening to find my little cave and blast it, 
 Now I've got to worry about this wannabe gansta, 
 Who pays other rappers to write his wack shit, 
 Everyone knows that your beats are helped man, 
 And you'll never blow by yourself man. 
 Sorry, you'd blow... blow cocks, 
 Use the hole as a straw and blow sperm out your nostrils. 
 I don't give a hurried fuck, call Slim Shady, 
 Snoop Dogg, D.O.C, Wren and Jay-Z, 
 To write a verse, fuck I'll do it for ya, 
 You still lick dick, this is Booshu Babara. 
 Do you know who, do you know what, do you know who? 
 Let's keep this between me and you. 
 Osama... 
 Osama... 
 Oooosama... 
 O-o-o-osama... 
 Biatch.
 Nah man, not quite finished yet 
 You know what I think 
 You just trying to pull a motherfucking fast one I'm mad 
 You just hurt my god damn feelings and that was the last one I had 
 Does this look like an arcade tryna play games see this dull blade 
 See the silhouette of a stuck up in your walkway 
 Better cooperate 
 Or get sauteed on a rotisserie 
 Havin' a hard time 
 MC's get so quiet that you can here a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by 
 Cold heaters while a mule stuntin none of that it's like a fuckin' fall guy 
 I don't cash my Mercedes at the midnight I treat it like I'm more black 
 Cause it will turn into a gremlin and run over kids women and men 
 That thing motor so big you could fit a midget in it's engine 
 Bitch give me them digits while you cringe 
 Not by the hair of my chiny chin chin 
 But I spin spin even ten cents on your sense 
 When did you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny shit 
 If I think a penny's pretty 
 Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me 
 Eeny meeny miney mo catch an eskimo by his toe while he's tryna roll a snowball 
 But don't make him lose his cool if he hollers better let him go yo 
 Why can't we all go go 
 Come on baby get a move on like a u-haul 
 You can wrack your brain like a pool ball 
 You won't ever think of this shit 
 Yeah honey you call 
 Well here I come how it gonna be I reap it 
 Evil I see hear and speak it 
 Lady put your money on shady fuck that I'm the weak shit 
 Put your eggs in the run same basket you can count every motheruckin chickin fore it hatches 
 Cause you can be your ass that we gon get a crackin' 
 Like the crack in the titans when when they clashin get your brains bashin so bad 
 You gon have kirk O'bane askin an autograph on a bloodstained napkin 
 Unfashionable about as rational as a rash in a fags asshole 
 Now let's take that line run it up it up the flagpole with elton 
 See it he's cool with it don't stand there and look stupid at me 
 Bitch I ain't in the mood for this shit 
 Kick my dick Google it till it pops up 
 You always so motherfuckin full of shit it gets you stopped up 
 Man I'm always shittin dierreha out of the mouth till you speak this crap out 
 What 
 Girl you gotta hot butt like a lit cigarette 
 But gon get a hot fudge sundae from so do not 
 Struck my face slut because 
 Why can't we all go go 
 And now that I got your panties in a bunch and your bowels in an uproar 
 Imma show you why I came see so stop askin me what the fuck for 
 Now look you little slut cunt whore oh you want more 
 Bitch it's time to put the mad back in madness 'cause I'm a fuckin' 
 Run boy 
 Every flow gotta last word so every last word that you fuckin' fags heard 
 Come straight from the bitches ass yeah in other words imma bastard 
 Lookin' at me like I kill kenny gas in the tank yeah still plenty 
 No morse over steel denny no remorse I don't really feel any 
 Eat your heart out hannibal understandable why you jealous fuckin' animal 
 I got cannible magnetism can't resist him can you ho 
 Shady I don't understand your flow understand my flow bitch I flow like 
 Troy Polamalu's hair boy don't you dare try to follow a good bear boy 
 And raw you ain't even medium rare stay the fuck outta my hair boy 
 You can look 
 You can stare point 
 But you can't touch I'm too cool for you 
 I don't get it what's his hair boy all this weak shit what am I steroids 
 Well bitch I'm back with some shit for that ass 
 In your trunk elephant 
 Now remember boys 
 Why can't we all go go 
 Thank you for coming out 
 Hope your enjoying the show 
 Till next time 
 Ha 
 Peace
 (Feat. Eminem, 50 Cent, Nate Dogg) 
 (Intro - Eminem) 
 (DJ clue kid the hood legend) 
 Remix [echoes] 
 Lloyd Banks! [echoes] 
 Uh huh [echoes] 
 Ha ha! [echoes] 
 (Verse 1 - Eminem) 
 It's like a throne that he don't even own 
 He wont sit down, given the crown he just throws it around 
 It's like a joke he's like a king, but he don't rule a thing 
 He don't want the diamonds, want the gold or want the jewelry 
 He don't want the fame don't want the lute he's in this for a sport 
 Runnin' suckaz with the competition round the court 
 He appreciates your support but he ain't beggin for it 
 And you can't love it you can hate it but you can't ignore it 
 You can't be that ignorant but you can try to sell him short 
 But you can't fuck with his last joint or the one before it 
 And he was gonna raise hell like them country boys 
 And if I'm frontin then you better come confront me for it 
 (Chorus - Nate Dogg) 
 This Is The Story Of A Warrior you Know you Know It 
 Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise 
 It Ain't Nothin' To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid 
 Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapons I Don't Need My Boyz 
 I'm Doin' About 120 On The Fast Lane 
 Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang 
 Don't Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain 
 Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game 
 (Verse 2 - Lloyd Banks) 
 He's straight outta the neighborhood but Niggaz hate 
 They see you go and eat your dinner off a bigger plate 
 Your stomachs ache while he's loungin at the big estate 
 And he hops in a 100 thousands with a Nigga's gate 
 House with just a bigger gate, houndin him was a big mistake 
 He wont surrender he'd rather give up a rib to break 
 'Cause he horrendous when they wouldn't lend a helpin hand 
 So he was sittin' on green like a Celtic fan 
 Created a buzz so when you gotta mention his name 
 When you discuss him the illest playa that's in the game 
 And he's ridin' with Em, 50 cent, Doc and them 
 G Unit records ain't no motherfuckin stoppin' them 
 (Chorus - Nate Dogg) 
 This Is The Story Of A Warrior you Know you Know It 
 Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise 
 It AInt Nothin' To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid 
 Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapons I Don't Need My Boyz 
 I'm Doin' About 120 On The Fast Lane 
 Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang 
 Don't Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain 
 Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game 
 (Verse 3 - 50 Cent) 
 Hes no magician and he gave me somethin' outta nothin' 
 So now niggaz from this hood act like we owe 'em somethin' 
 They talk crazy till we send this nigga through there to buck em 
 Ask 'em if there's a problem and they'll say naw its nothin' 
 He' was gonna help 'em out, but since they fronted, fuck em 
 He don't care how they feel they makin' 'em love em 
 He hold it down on his own the kid is really thuggin' 
 He's rich now, he ain't change so Niggaz think he buggin 
 He pull a clip everything these Niggaz try to buck him 
 Keep Two pistols on this hip I show you we ain't tuck em 
 And they say they gon' get at him but they can't touch him 
 Try to catch 'em slippin, they creepin' and he start bustin' 
 (Chorus - Nate Dogg) 
 This Is The Story Of A Warrior you Know you Know It 
 Tru Warrior Go Ahead Make Some Noise 
 It AInt Nothin' To Be Makin' Niggaz Paranoid 
 Hit Ur Corner Wit More Weapons I Don't Need My Boyz 
 I'm Doin' About 120 On The Fast Lane 
 Kick Back Just Relax Let Me Do My Thang 
 Don't Give a Fuck About You Suckas Gotta Maintain 
 Money Power And Respect In This Rap Game 
 (Nate Dogg) 
 I can give you somethin' you can talk about 
 I can turn this smile upside down 
 You ain't no G-Unit fuckin' clown 
 I can take your girl until I turn her out 
 The bootey laid all out 
 I can give you fuckin' somethin' to be mad about 
 And buy her rings and I back out 
 With my DNA all in her mouth.
 Em, it's Paul, listen... 
 Joe just called me and he told me you're in the fucking back behind the studio shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range. 
 I told you not to fucking bring your gun around like an idiot outside of your home, you're gonna get yourself in trouble. 
 Don't bring your gun outside of your home, you can't carry it on you. 
 Leave your fucking gun at home.
 (When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down) 
 This is what it sounds like when I'm breakin' it down 
 (Yeah I'm breakin' it down) 
 Man this is what it feels like, when I'm breakin' it down 
 (When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down) 
 It's not my fault 
 It's not fault (I'm hot man!) 
 It's not my fault 
 It's not my fault 
 Till the sun comes up, every night 
 We party and we party 'til daylight 
 We be gettin' it in come on we gettin' it in 
 A lil' Hennessey, a lil' juice and gin 
 It's not a fantasy, it's not pretend 
 We gon' do it, we gon' do it, we gon' do it again 
 Till the sun comes up, every night 
 We party and we party 'til daylight 
 I shouldn't have to tell you shorty you should know 
 I'm really been lookin' into yo' freak show 
 You gimme a little baby and I'ma want mo' 
 O.D.B. said that I like it raaaw! 
 Exotic her body been movin' on the flo' 
 Enough to make a nigga lose control 
 I'm down to go wherever you wan' go 
 Ya got a man now keep it on the low 
 I do my thing you know I gets my dough 
 I got a few stacks me and you can blow 
 We get into the hotel after the show 
 I know how to romance ya, be my private dancer, yeah 
 On ya mark, get set girl, now here we go 
 Racin' off to see yo' peep show 
 It turn me on to see you on the flo' 
 When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down 
 Ready or not shorty now here I come 
 Shake that thing girl now back it up 
 Work it, work it, girl you turn me on 
 When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down 
 They say I'm not the same it's 'cause I'm filthy mayne 
 I'm off the chain I don't play no games 
 I'm hustlin' hard homie I do my thang 
 You fuck wit' the paper then watch the hammer go bang 
 Now shorty I like the way she move them hips 
 I'm tryna get her in my bedroom and shit 
 We can take a long time or get it done quick 
 We can camcord the shit make a boom-boom flick 
 It's oh so many places that we can go 
 I really want you shorty shorty now you should know 
 Girl ya body's callin' me hear you loud and clear 
 We ain't got to leave now we can do it right here 
 On ya mark, get set girl, now here we go 
 Racin' off to see yo' peep show 
 It turn me on to see you on the flo' 
 When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down 
 Ready or not shorty now here I come 
 Shake that thing girl now back it up 
 Work it, work it, girl you turn me on 
 When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down 
 The way you move (the way you move) 
 You make me lose (you make me lose) 
 All control (all control) 
 I know you know (I know you know) 
 You're so seductive, you make me wanna touch it 
 I ain't got to tell ya, you know I wanna fuck ya 
 I'm feelin' your ya better watch me now 
 My tongue'll be in ya mouth my hands'll be in ya blouse 
 When you get me aroused you put a spell on me 
 Man if I can't have ya I'm a go crazy 
 I want you bad now and if you want me 
 Girl come to me now, I said come to me now 
 Come to me now? You gon' come to me now? 
 Apple in ya mouth, tackled on the couch 
 Shackled in the house, I'll be back in about 
 Twenty minutes or less, wit' my Hannibal mask 
 And when you wiggle around and giggle in that cage 
 I know I couldn't wait to get you off that stage 
 From the moment I met you had to let you know 
 I just wanted to get you through my bedroom do' 
 You makin' me feel like I'm in middle school still 
 You squeal like a little girl you pitiful, chill 
 We gon' fuck, I just popped this little blue pill 
 You can leave but wait, I gotta shit on you still 
 I shouldn't have to tell you shorty you should know 
 I hope you really gettin' in to my creep show 
 And let me shit on ya chest and if some pee comes out 
 Just guzzle it down, just guzzle it down 
 On ya mark, get set girl, now here we go 
 Racin' off to see yo' peep show 
 It turn me on to see you on the flo' 
 When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down 
 Ready or not shorty now here I come 
 Shake that thing girl now back it up 
 Work it, work it, girl you turn me on 
 When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down 
 It's not my fault 
 It's not my fault, I can break it down 
 It's not my fault 
 It's not my fault, can ya break it down? 
 It's not my fault 
 It's not my fault, I can break it down 
 It's not my fault 
 It's not my fault, can ya break it down?
 Proof: 
 Now everybody throw your hands in the air 
 Eminem: 
 Put 'em up put 'em up 
 Verse 1 Eminem: 
 I'm smacking, upslash, and keep the hoes in checking, 
 Dubble last Slim Shady, this is real shit. 
 Sit back, relax, when my boys smocks crack. 
 I'm the big master, [Proof:] Can't you see thaaaat ?? 
 Aww, yes I'm from the mothafuckin' Wild west. 
 Lift your shirt up, and tell me who's real best? 
 Everlast, girls three times at day three times at night, 
 I got G's full of criminals peooople, 
 Shut you down for revange, G. 
 Beat you down as we all know I do G. 
 Brothers like, Eminem change the stylaa. 
 Shut the fuck up I feel high for this SLUUUUTT! 
 Like everytimes smoke the herion. 
 Get back in this day shit and feel for more crack like kokain. 
 Listen, must we repeat? 
 I'm not the one who write about bullshit, 
 And sell those drug shit, and fuck mothafuckas' who say that I'm talking shit. 
 Detroit sidney is where I grew up bitch. 
 Now peace for all my outsiders, and this world. 
 Fuck what you want this is three one third. 
 Put 'em up yaaa put 'em up put 'em up. 
 Say dr.dre (DR.DRE) dr.dre (DR.DRE) 
 One two three and to the four, 
 Snoop Doggy Dog, and dre is after ya. 
 Ready to fight? go and get your back up. 
 And we about to fuck you upppp... 
 Gimme the microphone first, so I can fly like a bubble. 
 All those pieces together, yo you know you're in trouble. 
 I'm sayin' nuttin but he says : (Fuck Dre). 
 We beat him G, so : (feel okay). 
 But back to the old shit and make this to a end. 
 Nervous is nervous, something you can't understand. 
 You never know my wife maybe could hurt a man. 
 Burn a man, and last thing, feel for learn this man. 
 And when she learn, I chill for a minute. 
 Ain't no bitch ass pussy on my fuckin' penis. 
 And that's really horny so my penis got harder, 
 Stronger bigger, so hard you wanna fuck her. 
 [Eminem and Proof:] PEACE!
 Well, I do pop pills 
 I keep my tube socks filled 
 And pop the same shit that got Tupac killed 
 Spit game to these hos 
 Like a soap opera episode 
 Then punch a bitch in the nose 
 Until her whole face explodes 
 There's three things I hate: Girls, women, and bitches 
 I'm that vicious to talk up and drop-kick midgets 
 They call me "Boogie Night" 
 A stalker that walks awkward 
 Stick figure with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg 
 Coming through the airport sluggish, walking on crutches 
 And hit a pregnant bitch in the stomach with luggage 
 It's like a dream, I can't back out, I black out 
 I'm back out, looking for someone "of" to beat 
 The "crap out" 
 I'm bringing you rap singers 
 Two middle fingers 
 Flip you off in French and translate it in English 
 Then I'm gonna vanish from the face of this planet 
 And come back speaking so much Spanish that Pun can't even understand it
 (Guns cocking then one gunshot) 
 [Eminem:] Haha 
 [Ca$his:] Ca$his, Ca$his 
 [Eminem:] Yeah! 
 [Ca$his:] King Mathers 
 [Eminem:] C'MON! 
 [Ca$his:] Pistol poppin', come get me nigga! (echoes) 
 (Chorus: Ca$his) 
 Pistol poppin', bodies droppin', layin all around 
 You thought it was a game, now the neighbors callin out 
 The police find that, what's that sound? 
 While you layin on the ground with your fuckin' brain out 
 (Ca$his:) 
 Walk through the door with my hands on a gun 
 Cause niggaz 'round here wanna ask where I'm from 
 I throw up my signs, step back and pop one 
 'Fore you throw up your sign if you even got one 
 I used to bust niggaz heads open for fun 
 Chase him down, stomp him out, if he tried to run 
 I could flip packs, get stacks, big straps, where it at? 
 Slung crack, real cat, you ain't never did that 
 Go hard, no peace, I gotta keep, chrome heat 
 I don't sleep, homie I'm watched by the police 
 Cops out patrolling, grab a glock-40 
 Sniper at the squad car, story noting 
 Fuck it if you want beef, click-clack, wack rap 
 Tossed straps before, I'm out of here, homie 
 Militant in a sense, I don't really give a shit 
 Call up, Eminem, I gotta plead innocent 
 (Ca$his:) 
 Sixteenth in my sneakers, I ain't listen to my teachers 
 I'm the most hated nigga alive, since Jesus 
 Maybe in the afterlife they'll reveal my Christ-like abilities 
 Come back, then ride on my enemies 
 Never been afraid of beef, metals of my bravery 
 War situations got you sayin' he, crazy G 
 And emerge with the beat, I can serve anything 
 Especially anybody tryin' to diss my team ? Shady 
 [Blam] G-Unit, Aftermath the same thing 
 So if you say them punk nigga you say me 
 I be in L.A. G, get at me when you see me 
 Catch you in O.C., and in the bag you'll be leaving 
 I ain't worried 'bout my freedom cause for me to get even 
 Is worth e'rything, it's on B.B.G.N. 
 I son'd you folk, I'm lookin' at your pinkie 
 You a fake-ass gangsta, what a waste of my scenery 
 (Eminem:) 
 Maybe I just feel like there's too many pussies in rap 
 Shady (Ca$his) we gotta push 'em to the back 
 Move 'em along, push 'em aside, don't get me wrong 
 I love the finger snaps and the claps into the song 
 It's got a catch but come on man, the raps 
 We all gotta step our game up; especially these lame fucks 
 Who walk around with their chest out 
 Just tryin' to be down with anybody who's left now 
 Better be down with them, huh 
 But I dare some bitch to say somethin' about, Eminem 
 'Cause I'm not in the mood to be playin' around with dudes 
 I already seen two friends get shot in the head 
 And lay on the ground this year and, one didn't make it 
 Proof, you are the truth 
 Please don't let us come face to face with these boo-boo-hoo 
 Fake-ass tattooed havin' 
 Fif' please tell 'em right now how hard it has been 
 For me to try and, stay out it 
 But they just won't quit runnin' their mouth 
 At least till there's a gun in it; son of a bitch! 
 We all got shooters, yeah these days who doesn't? 
 And as far as the snaps and claps, I wasn't 
 Dissin the South, that isn't what this is about 
 I just so sick of the beef, I don't even wanna see anymore
 Get up this morning feelin' sleepy as all hell, went the use the bathroom when I tripped and I fell all the way downstairs onto the couch, and I pissed my pants on the way down south; so I went back upstairs to change my underwear took a while to get 'em unstuck to my pubic hair finally got unzipped I went to put 'em down the street but then I threw 'em in the garbage cause it all said puu hopped in the shower put shampoo in my hair went to rinse it out but then the water wasn't there that damn toilet it must of went foul got another bath to wipe the stuff up with the towel went to get my clothes but I couldn't wear the wash so I sat and played some mario on my nintendo I was gonna see my girl but I forget that stuff man today I just feel like a pooh butt... (chorus 2x) sometimes things just never go my way you know i, I'm just feelin' like a pooh butt today. now every snigle day I make habits to get up but today I just feel like a pooh butt so ill stay in bed I don't know what's wrong with me I'm just taking everything nonchilantely I just feel like I can't move one muscle my girlfriend calls me up and tells me now we gotta hustle my plane leaves to roll about quarter to 8 its 7:15 looks like I'm gonna be late aww forget that baby said I just can't make it I know your dissapointed but your gonna have to take it I'm sick in bed I'm making am am foot it but before hung up the phone she told me where I could put it, comes next day I gotta call from M&M he said we gotta make a record get ya butt outta bed I said I ain't doin' nothing I wish you nothing but luck he said STOP! instead of feeling like a pooh but... (chorus 2x) sometimes things just never go my way you know i, I'm just feelin' like a pooh butt today. (chaos kid) "yo you ever have one of those poohie stinky ridiculous rotten days M&M" (M&M) "man I had one once check this out" 
 Woke up, 6:30 in the morning yawning gotta get to the recording studio I gotta get a take done put all my rhymes together so I can make one get outta bed fall on my head slipped on the rug I thought I was dead cussin I think my head is busted but it really nothing only a concussion shake it off, get off the ground look around couldn't find my rhyme sheets where'd I put 'em down they were just there last night on the chair had to look everywhere but, couldn't find 'em anywhere go to the basement might of misplaced 'em gotta find 'em in hurry but my visions still blurry goin' down the stairs what could happen next but, when it's this early you can't skip steps; fallin' head first as I fall I curse things are lookin' bad ima only get worse; aching I shake and I hurt I stand up slowly wiped all the dirt off memory lapse I can't remember nothing think ill collapse if you forget the whole thing pause for a second what was I looking for... oh yeah my rhyme sheets they might be on the floor or on the chair wait a minute where am I I'm in a basement damn how does time fly think for a second record my memory if I were a rhyme sheet where would I be?? now I remember I put 'em in the closet next to my jacket so I woulda never lost em 
 Already 7 I've only got an hour to eat breakfast get dressed plus take a shower got undressed got the zest off the rack turn the water on and I almost had a heart attack cold as hell started to yell jumped out the shower and said fuck it ill smell grabbed the towel off the rack dried off got dressed still had to eat but my hair was a mess I was in a rush grabbed the brush and ran run into the door on the floor I land always to fate now I know I'm curse I think it might help if I open the dorr first tried to turn the handle but I sprained my wrist but that's what happens on a day like this...(chorus 2x) sometimes things just never go my way you know i, I'm just feelin' like a pooh butt today... (Chaos kid) "wow that sounds pretty poohie to me" (M&M) "now I'm gonna break it down for those who don't know what a pooh butt day is" 
 Now a pooh butt day is something everybodies had no particular depression neither mad or sad you couldn't see your butt because your butt is what it is 'cause when your feeling like a pooh butt then your feeling like shit
 I can hear your heartbeat, your scared, yeah yeah 
 I can hear your heartbeat, your scared [x2] 
 You see, I'm a psycho, a sicko, I'm crazy 
 I see, I come at night, boy, I kill you, you make me 
 They wanna see me shot up, locked up and cage me 
 I'll come back bigger, stronger and angry 
 Look look, I've come from a different crew 
 You fuck with me, I'll get to you 
 A clip or two, I'll cripple you 
 Just 'cause I ain't got shit to do 
 Pistol pop, a pussy drop 
 Drama never ever stop 
 Eenie meenie miney moe 
 Nine, Trey Pound or 44 
 Pick a strap to take the Mac 
 The hawk I'll stab it in your back 
 I'll blow your brains, I know your name 
 And where you rest, I'll make a mess 
 The hollow tips'll hit ya chest 
 You cough up blood to EMS 
 Come pick you up 
 You know you fucked when 
 You get on a strecther 
 'Cause I'll come in ICU 
 To see you off to heaven 
 The system out I done been through with 
 There's nothing new there to me 
 They locked me up they left me out 
 You seen this in the movies 
 The criminals be criminals 
 Why they up in corrections 
 They come and get at 9 
 Nigga crown me a perfection 
 It's murder when they found the gun now they doing ballistic 
 But they can't find a fingerprint the shit's going terrific 
 Get so close on your target that it's really hard to miss it 
 Eminem: 
 Man these are average raps 
 I'm keepin' the savage batch hidden 
 The can of whoop ass with the Shady aftermath clique 
 You pop off the top it's like opening vats of acid 
 Beat the octamom to death with a cabbage patch kid 
 Attack a snatch ya there's something to jack a batch in 
 Impregnated then shoot up the embryo sack with Mac 10s 
 Triplets quadruplets and a couple of back to back twins 
 That fetus is fallin' out all over jack is back again 
 The rippers at your service 
 Girl I can see that your nervous 
 But I barely scratch the surface 
 Like my last batch of girlfriends 
 That I buried in my fuckin' backyard 
 Still trying to dig their way out 
 I foam like an attack dog, 
 How late you wanna stay out, 
 It's past your curfew when it's dark 
 I'm searchin for you in the park 
 Shady murdered him another virgin he just hit his mark 
 He met his quota for the month 
 They found a coat all rolled up 
 Inside a bag he probably dragged the body for about a block 
 Disappeared without a trace 
 No DNA no not a drop 
 Cause me and dre and 50 we will never get caught by the cops 
 CSI they hate us but they gotta give a lot of props 
 The drama pops 
 Grab the butcher knife from off the counter top 
 Eminem: 
 Yeah, I'm as I'll as can be 
 My appeal is to serial killers 
 What a pill is to me, 
 Killing so villainously, 
 Still as maniacal on the NyQuil going psycho 
 It's michael myers, 
 You know what were like on the muthafucking mic, 
 So try us and your gonna find out, 
 What the fuck were like with pliers, 
 50 cent: 
 It's operation time got em 
 Hooked up to wires, 
 Squeeze em, he bleeding, wheezing, breathing he half dead, 
 He must not know but now he now how Shady Aftermath is, 
 Even murderous tactics get better with practice, 
 Lead showers, gun powder, fill the tellers burn burn, 
 Truly ours Juliard, you better learn learn, 
 Eminem: 
 Chris Reeves in his grave, 
 Yeah homie turn turn, 
 I'm debating, mutilating the lady, 
 You've been waiting for shady and fif, 
 Ain't no duplicating it baby, 
 There's a baby in the drier, 
 There's a torso in the washer, 
 I think it might even belong to Portia when I tossed her, 
 Arms and legs in the garbage cause the rest of her, 
 I lost her, 
 Her head is in the disposal with Jessica's I squashed her, 
 And put her through the ringer and hung her over the wash tub, 
 50 Cent: 
 When I'm through with Ricky it'll will be blood that'll cough up 
 A hard rock soft fuck [? ] 
 Get caught up and get washed up, 
 In Detroit or Northfolk, 
 When it's disrupt and nauseas, 
 Look deep in my eye and see many many many men die, 
 I swing gym stars faster than samurai,
 (Eminem) 
 Yo... I dedicate to this... to yo... 
 {*Imitating Slick Rick*} 
 To all my fans, keepin' y'all in health 
 Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself 
 'Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart conditionin 
 Which I create, cause that's my mission 
 So listen close, to what we say 
 Because this type of fag claims to never be gay, I... 
 {*Rapping normally*} 
 ... Knew you was jealous from the day that I met you 
 I upset you, 'cause I get respect. I bet you (boy) 
 I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew (c'mon!) 
 And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you 
 Peckerwood mad cause his record went wood 
 No respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods 
 Got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his 
 Blood 
 And said, "Heck, country western rap records are good!" 
 So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes 
 He can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both (haha) 
 Puts an album out and rules for part of the year 
 Then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come 
 From 
 Out of nowhere 
 It's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year 
 No one's tryin' to hear some fuckin' old fart in a chair 
 Sittin' on stage, strummin acoustic guitar in your ear 
 So you start to get scared, sit back and spark an 
 Idea 
 Figure you can diss me to jump start your career 
 I punch you in your fuckin' chest till your heart kicks in gear (bitch) 
 And fuck your underground buddy's nameless crew 
 Like I'ma say they 
 Names 
 So they can be famous too 
 (Chorus 2X: Eminem *sung*) 
 You just a... quitter, and you bitter 'cause I came along 
 And the days of House of Pain are gone 
 And if you talk about my little girl in a song again 
 I'ma kill you (I'ma kill you) 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo... heart attack to stroke 
 From 
 The crack you smoke 
 To the rap you wrote, your fuckin' answer back's a joke 
 And I'ma tell these motherfuckin fans the truth 
 The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you 
 You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you 
 Like I ain't notice you? BITCH, I had a show to do! 
 Like I'm supposed to be star-struck, come over to you 
 You better shut your fuckin' mouth while you oh-for-two 
 Back in ninety-four Limp opened the show for you 
 Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you 
 Took your motherfuckin DJ and stole him too 
 So you fall in a slump and get all emotional 
 So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings 
 Confused as fuck cause now your 
 Music 
 Sucks dick 
 Mr. Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap 
 Quicker but never last, and Everlast is a... 
 Aight listen (look) 
 So this is what we ask of our fans 
 If you ever see Everlast, WHOOP HIS ASS 
 Hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him 
 Kick him, spit on him, treat him like a hoe, bitch-slap him 
 Do it for me, do it for Fred, do it for Limp 
 Do it for Rock, do it for rap, do it for Kid 
 Do it for Ice-T, do it just to do it, fuck it 
 He's a bitch, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin'! 
 Shit in five years we'll all be "Eating at Whitey's" 
 And he'll be bussin tables in that bitch, cleanin the toilets 
 Aiyyo... fuck this, cut this shit off 
 {*Music stops*} 
 Aiyyo Head, that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker! 
 {*Beat changes to 2Pac's "Hit 'Em Up"*} 
 Kill Whitey! - Hahaha 
 Kill Whitey! - Detroit! What? What? 
 Kill Whitey! - ... yo, yo 
 Kill Whitey! - Haha! Look 
 First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say 
 Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay 
 You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White 
 So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight 
 Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip 
 Whitey Ford, forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead 
 I keep 'em comin' while you runnin' out of breath 
 Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest 
 Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya 
 With your three CD's, nobody sees, when they released 
 Evidence, don't fuck around with 
 Real 
 MC's 
 Who ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks 
 I let you faggots know it's on for life 
 But Everlast might die tonight, haha 
 Fat boy murdered on wax and killed 
 Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know! 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady 
 Call the doctor to heal your heart 
 They shocked you back to life at the clinic 
 But you 'bout to get relapsed any minute 
 Honkey, I hit 'em up! 
 Hahaha, yo 
 Check 
 This out 
 You faggots ain't even on my level 
 I'ma let D-12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots! 
 (Kon Artis) 
 Yo! Get out the way yo, get out the way yo 
 Whitey Ford's heart just stopped 
 Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack 
 Whitey Ford's gettin' his ass floored for talkin' back 
 Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are 
 At your own restaurant, while I'm servin' ya 
 Drop and stomp your whole heart till it stops 
 Call the cops, I'ma beat your ass while they watch 
 (Kuniva) 
 Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin' fun of you Erik 
 Where's your House of Pain now? There's only one of you Erik 
 You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round 
 With some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge 
 (Eminem) 
 Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still 
 This ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin' killed 
 With his chest open 
 Tryin' to throw a fuckin' punch, but you just chokin 
 Havin' a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime 
 Cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme 
 Talkin' 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me 
 You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me 
 I'm a paleface killer whale 
 On his way to fuckin' prison, pistol whippin tail, ha 
 Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day? 
 That shit was obvious you probably was gay, ha 
 Now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop 
 Forty-nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop 
 While my 
 Sales 
 Makin' records break 
 Two and a half million scanned by the second week 
 Motherfucker I hit 'em up! 
 (Proof) 
 I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave., where bullets tear you in half 
 Fuck the music, we got an uzi for all you fags 
 Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated you violated 
 Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you 
 Iriscience get choked up and yoked up 
 All you underground bitches get your throats cut 
 (Swifty) 
 What the fuck?! Is you stupid? 
 I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin' guitar cord 
 And 
 Stuff 
 Him in cardboard, chopped up in a box 
 With sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart 
 D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch 
 Keep your restaurant locked and block your door 
 'Cause we "Hit 'Em Up" like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur 
 (Eminem) 
 You a, "Black Jesus," heart attack seizures 
 Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases 
 White devil, washed up honkey 
 Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country 
 {*Laughing*} 
 Yo, aiyyo cut this shit off 
 {*Needle drags, beat stops*} 
 Fuck him, that's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done, that's it 
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise 
 I just believe in kickin a man while he's down 
 God damn! I quit 
 Mention my daughter's name in a song again you fuckin' punk
 Ra! (*repeat 7X*) 
 (Chorus: repeat 2X) 
 R: Rugged and rough that's how I do it 
 A: Allah who I praise to the fullest 
 K: Keep it moving, 
 I: Stand alone 
 M: It's my crown, my world, my throne 
 Aiyyo when Rakim Allah attack, it's a wrap y'all relax 
 The arm in that, you show me where the party's at 
 Seminars and tracks, hors, comas, and cardiacs 
 Broads and cats screaming "Oh my God he's back" 
 Just imagine, I hit the lab and get it crackin' 
 A thousand styles in one verse, rhythms will switch patterns 
 Chicks get stabbed in the back, till they get spasms 
 Known to spit a magnum, or split an atom 
 Who woulda known that Jesus would come back to the ghetto 
 On that level, and that thorough, like a black hero 
 And pack metal, so rap rebels, will back pedal 
 The pharaoh of five boroughs, and take over the rap world 
 Gettin' bizarre, hardcore, this is for y'all 
 The crib or the park, play it when you get in the car 
 Chill at the bar, sip somethin' or split a cigar 
 Get with your dogs, don't be alarmed, this kid is the bomb 
 Uh, yeah yo, I used to paint this flow, on ancient scrolls 
 And learn ta, make this dough, where gangstas roll 
 Think like the late great Capone when the bank is closed 
 It's cats that claim they bold, but they ain't this cold 
 I'm from New York City even pretty chicks act up 
 Niggas get clapped up, you stack up, they stick that up 
 Put the strap up, you think my name was "Kid back up" 
 Big niggas (spittin' noise) pick that up, or lift that up 
 Raised by gangstas and gamblers, hustlers, con artists 
 And convicts, killers and dons 
 Drug dealers, playas and pimps, smooth talkers 
 Stick up kids, thugs, real niggas and gods 
 Haunted by every soul that lay dead in the turf 
 Close by every spirit, that never made it to birth 
 Since the Moon separated from Earth 
 That's why they say I'm the greatest that ever orchestrated a verse 
 It's the 
 Ay yo, we toast to that, it's the cat that broke backs 
 To a soul slap, a smoke a track, how dope is that 
 Poet for rap, wrote backs that most slack, 
 That know rap before they turned coke to crack 
 To my dogs hearin' sirens on and firearms 
 Outcome die in wars or behind iron bars 
 The boulevard, tire frauds when I evolve 
 Try and rob, my dialogue, I am God 
 Chicks moan just to get next to my throne 
 And sniff my cologne and get Ra alone 
 Sex spot's at home, I'm testosterone 
 Caress spots, stress drops, bedrock's the bone 
 Hit the floor, it's hot for 2003 
 Hit's galore, who rock a style as wild as me 
 Rest assure, when I rock dance crowds and scream 
 Bis-Mi-Allah A-Rahman A-Rahim it's the
 Lickilty Split freestyle: 
 Check this out, Check this out, yo 
 This guy's a choke artist 
 You catch the bad one 
 Your better off shooting yourself with Papa Doc's handgun 
 Climbin up this mountian your weak 
 I leave you lost without a paddle floatin shits creek 
 You ain't Detroit, I'm the D, u the new kid on the block 
 Bout to get smacked back to the boon docks 
 Fuckin' Nazi you squak ain't too tight 
 Take sum real advice and form a group with Vinalla Ice 
 And when I tell ya you better use it 
 This guys a hillbilly this ain't Willie Nelson music 
 Trailer trash I choke you to your last breath 
 And have you lookin' foolish like Chedder Bob when he shot himself 
 Silly rabbit I know I don't call you dat like you follow future 
 Like he got carrots up his ass-crack 
 And when you act it up that's when you got jacked up 
 And not stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 
 I crack your shoulder-blades 
 You'll get dropped so hard that Elvis will start turnin' in his grave 
 I don't know why they let you out in the dark 
 You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile to the trailer park 
 (Crowd cheers)--- WOO 
 Eminem (rabbit) freestlyes: 
 This guy raps like his parents jerked him 
 He sound's like Eric Sermon, the generic version 
 This whole crowd looks suspicious it's all dudes in here 
 Except for these bitches 
 Oh so I'm a German eh? 
 That's ok you look like a fucking worm with brains 
 These leaders of the free world rookies 
 Lookie how can six dicks beat pussies? 
 You talk about shit's creek 
 Bitch you can be up piss creek with paddles this deep 
 Your still gonna sink 
 You're a disgrace 
 Yeah they call me rabbit this is the turtle race 
 They can't get with me spiting this shit wickitly lickilty shot 'cause spikity spit split lickitly 
 Then I'm a turn around with a great smile 
 And walk my white ass back across 8 Mile
 Lotto: 
 Yo its time to get rid of this coward right here once and for all 
 I'm sick of this mother fucker check this shit out 
 Hah hem yo 
 I'll spit a racial slur honkey, sue me 
 This shit is a horror flick but the black guy doesn't die in this movie 
 Your doing lotto dogg you gotta be kidding 
 That makes me believe you really don't have a interest in living 
 You think these nigga's gonna feel with the shit you say? 
 I got a better chance joining the KKK 
 Off some real shit though I like you 
 That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to 
 Fuck lotto call me your leader 
 I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from leave it to beaver 
 I used to like that show 
 Now you got me in fight back mode, but oh well if you got to go, you got to go 
 I hate to do this I would love for this shit to last 
 So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass 
 All's well that end's ok 
 So I'll end this shit with a fuck you but have a nice day 
 Eminem freestyle: 
 Ward, I think you were a little hard on the beaver 
 So was Eddie Haskell, Wally and Miss Cleaver 
 This guy keeps screaming he's paranoid 
 Quick someone get his ass another steroid 
 Blah be do blah blah do be blu blah 
 I ain't hear a word you say Hibbidy who blah 
 Is that a tanktop or a new bra? 
 Look snoop dogg just got a fuckin' boob job 
 Didn't you listen to the last round meathead? 
 Pay attention your saying the same shit that he said 
 (I'm a fuck you up) 
 Matter of fact dogg here's a pencil 
 Go home write some shit make it suspenseful 
 And don't come back until something dope hits you 
 Fuck it, you can take the mic home with you 
 Lookin' like a cyclone hit you 
 Tanktop screaming "Lotto I don't fit you!" 
 You see how far them white jokes get you 
 Boy's like "how vanilla ice gonna diss you?" 
 My motto fuck lotto 
 I'll get the 7 digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow
 Now everybody from the 313 
 Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me 
 Everybody from the 313 
 Put your mothef**king hands up 
 Look Look 
 Now while he stands tough 
 Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 This free worlds got you gassed up 
 Now who's afraid of the big bad ward 
 1, 2, 3 and to the 4 
 1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4 
 4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1 
 You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none 
 This guy ain't no mother-fuckin' MC, 
 I know everything he's got to say against me, 
 I am white, I am a fuckin' bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom, 
 My boy Future is an Uncle Tom. 
 I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bomb who shoots 
 Himself in his leg with his own gun, 
 I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps 
 And Wink did fuck my girl, 
 I'm still standin here screamin "F**K THE FREE WORLD!" 
 Don't ever try to judge me dude 
 You don't know what the fuck I've been through 
 But I know something about you 
 You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school 
 What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed? 
 This guy's a gangster, his real name's Clarence 
 And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
 And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage 
 This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook 
 'Cause there no such thing as half-way crooks 
 He's scared to death 
 He's scared to look in his fuckin' yearbook, fuck Cranbrook 
 Fuck a beat, I go acapella 
 Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody 
 Fuck y'all if you doubt me 
 I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly 
 And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty, 
 Here, tell this people something they don't know about me.
 Last month I spent two weeks on a vacation 
 I had a dream that I was inside of my PlayStation 
 Did you ever lay down, take a nap and loose it? 
 I dreamt I was stuck in this game called Rap Music 
 I started off underground in a dark room 
 With a freestyle, a sawed-off pump and a harpoon 
 That transform to a pen in case of a words war 
 And opened the first door that led to the first floor 
 I got attacked by a couple of rap acts 
 They wore dreads, these army pants and these backpacks 
 I hit one over the head with a broken verb 
 The muthafucka tried to hit me with some spoken word 
 But it didn't work, and I finished him and his boys 
 And disappeared from the scene without makin' a noise 
 I used up four bars but I earned a punchline 
 And proceeded to Level 2: Land of the Unsigned 
 We don't play those games 
 Would you listen here? 
 What I'm doin' he're? 
 Get me outta here 
 We don't play those games 
 This is gettin' wild 
 Can you tell me how? 
 Let me out now 
 We don't play those games 
 How'd I get in here? 
 Let me outta here 
 What I'm doin' here? 
 We don't play those games 
 This is no fun 
 Got me on the run 
 Rap 2K1 
 I got attacked right away when I walked in 
 By a four-foot manager with a contract and a pen 
 I put up my force shield to block any attempt 
 At this shrimp drainin' my life twenty percent 
 The floor opened up and I almost fell inside 
 But I used my mic right, I swung to the other side 
 And just when I thought I avoided the booby trap 
 I got slapped by a female MC with a doobie rag 
 And this chick was tryin' to be herd like she raised cattle 
 But I remembered somethin' I seen on the Blaze Battle 
 Whoever sold you them shoes, they fooled you 
 I killed her with a verse about her fucked up weave and her fake FUBU 
 A record exec then appeared in a black limo 
 And started to attack with a bag full of wack demos 
 And I will admit: it was hard as hell to kill 
 So I stabbed him with an invoice and a studio bill 
 I made it to the next level: Above Ground 
 My soundscanner then picks up on this bug sound 
 I pull out the sawed-off pump and I get it cocked 
 And that's when this A&R crawled from under a rock 
 And start shootin' opinions, I stop, drop and I roll 
 'Cause if they was to hit me, they'd penetrate to my soul 
 I hid behind some trees and I held my weapon tightly 
 His street team was up on the roof tryin' to snipe me 
 It took a while to finish 'em all but I finally did it 
 Then out comes this powerful beast known as the critic 
 With a fully loaded magazine and mad drama 
 My harpoon shots just bounced off of his armor 
 Now I wish I would've stayed down in the dark caves 
 I'm runnin' towards these big-ass fans with these sharp blades 
 But he was right behind me holdin' a flame thrower 
 So I jumped through the blades and I died, game over
 Shady Records ain't nobody better than us 
 Shady Records no cheddar than us 
 Shady Records ain't nobody better than us 
 Shady Records 
 I done figured this rap shit out 
 I map shit out strategically 
 Timing is everything and that seems to be the key 
 To my success it's worked for me repeatedly 
 Let them diss you first and respond immediately 
 In order to master the art of war 
 Don't start a war 
 Shit not no more 
 We done scared them off there are no more 
 Victims to sic 
 I'm fixing the pics 
 I'm a start shit 
 I'm out of pictures to rip 
 And shit to throw darts at 
 Ain't got no more targets 
 Shit Irv and Jeff 
 We done beat 'em to death 
 Benzino in debt 
 There seems to just be no one left 
 To bully 
 Bush is pussy 
 Why the fuck you think his name's bush 
 Puss is bushy 
 Ain't shit going on 
 Shit I been getting so bored lately 
 I'm thinking of doing some shit 
 To get you to go and hate me again 
 Tell the truth 
 I liked the shit better then 
 Shit I could spit better 
 I'm about to kick this sick shit again look 
 The game just isn't the same it's changing 
 Shit Dre's quitting 
 Jay's quitting 
 Now it's just wanksta 
 They're saying the same shit 
 It's ancient it's fake 
 It's making me so bored I'ma just make a new language 
 Fubba you cuppa cubba 
 Uppa you Uppa Oobba 
 Youbba can Susubba my dadadabbadick through a tuba 
 Some other rumour lama 
 I'm not a human I'ma 
 Supersonic new robotic suicidal Unabomber 
 You think I'm the new osama 
 Press thinks I'm a new madonna 
 Jeffry Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on a 
 Lot talk and rumours on us 
 Who's the hottest 
 To be honest 
 Hip hop ain't been the same since Tupac moved to cuba on us 
 Hey yo 
 Shady Records they ain't better than us 
 Shady Records they ain't getting more cheddar than us 
 Shady Records they ain't better than us 
 Shady Records motherfuckers more cheddar than us
 The rap game hip hop 101 the hardest 9 to 5 you'll ever have. you can't learn this shit in no 
 History book you ready to rap mutha fucker you ready to sell your soul hehehehe. the rap game. 
 I'm a disrupted nigga you mad me crazy you should have slayed me as a baby behaving shadier than Wes Craven 
 And you ain't even go to pay me I take pleasure in layin nigga down daily you face me drunk or sober you faint 
 Fast I never fucked up to where I can't whoop your ass. you neck will get snapped with bare hands. fuck music is 
 It rap is it cool but fool just don't confuse it. what happens is that these dudes get rude and then I lose it 
 I'm scatless I'll blow your two kids off the atlas with a gat that bigger than godzillas back nigga. you are not 
 Real in fact your fully infective a crack dealer y'all president send me smack then got a mac 10 with it so i 
 Ain't got to rap but I'm thank full don't mistake me for black 'cause you'll be stankin in the back of a fuckin' 
 Caddalac. 
 (Eminem) 
 Now I'm gonna get snuffed 'cause I ain't said enough to pipe down I'll pipe down when a little (blanked) is 
 Whiped out when I see that little (blanke) dyke get sniped out lights out bitch adios good night (ah) now put 
 That in ur pipe and whipe down think for a little for a minute 'cause the hype has died down. that I won't go into 
 The oval office right now and flip what ever ain't tied down upside down I'm all for America fuck this government 
 Tell that seat delouris tuck a slut to suck a dick mutha fucker duck what the fuck son of a bitch take away my 
 Gun I'm gonna tuck some other shit. Can't tell me shit about the tricks of this trade.switch blade with a little 
 Switch to switch blades and switch from a 6 to a 16 inch blade. shit like a samari sword to sensay. shit just 
 Don't change to this day.this way still tellin' ucks-lay, icks-bay my ick-day excuses my ick-pay ademlay uck-fay 
 Ick pay. 
 (50 cent) 
 This rap game this rap game I ain't selling my soul for this rap game I ain't diggin no hole for this rap 
 Game and I'm telling you no this it happening this rap game this rap game I ain't selling my soul for this rap 
 Game I ain't digging no hole for this rap game this rap game. 
 I bet ya lovin' me (??), drink and drown in my own iniquity, 
 But fuck that, I'm gonna rap till y'all get sick of me, 
 And clutch my last sack, and spit on all who pick on me, 
 I'm pit a rot mix, fuck the dog who single me, 
 I'm saying you motherfuckers, don't know'ith, who playin', 
 If I'm broke, then I'm brakin open the place where you layin, 
 You know, same shit every nigga done in his life, 
 I livin' this why (??), speak long (??), what I blow when I write, 
 So why, should I, ever fear another man, if he bleed like I bleed, 
 Take a piss when he stand, ok you win, you can say we can't rap 
 But no shots (??), never me (??), you never (??), and I don't wanna (??), 
 When they say it was wack... 
 I walk in the party and just start bustin', 
 Right after I hear the last verse of self destruction, 
 This liquer makes me wanna blast the chrome, 
 To let you know that time without morse dangerom (??), (nigga) 
 I low down and shifty, quickly call swifty, 
 To do a drive-by on the ten speed with fifty, 
 You feelin' lucky squeeze, I catch you outside of chucky cheese, 
 With you see (??) who be unlucky G, my lifestyle is unstable, 
 A partyin addict, they said no fightin in the club 
 So I brought me a matic, coughin the static, 
 I jump nigga's call me a rabbit, 
 Pop in the tavern and guns are so just irratic... 
 (50 cent) 
 Believe me, we run this rap shit forchezy, 
 Make makin' millions look easy, 
 Everywhere you turn you see me, 
 You hear me... 
 Believe me, you see my pistol and 3D, 
 No time to call the peace treaty, 
 Dial 911 cause you need the..., 
 Police to help you, believe me, 
 I haft to tunnel from the side walk and piss on the curve, 
 This is obserde, these street nigga's twistin my words, 
 We finally could say goodbye to Hollywood, 
 Cause poof and shine men aren't nothin' but con men. 
 The nasty been with gasoline cans (??), 
 We never bow down to be a flashin a pen (??), 
 No one must, fuck this statue dawg, 
 Nothin' to do with hands when I clap with y'all, 
 Put your job on the ground (??), then the dog in the pound (??), 
 Then I'm goin' out of town, for the law come around, 
 So we can battle with raps, we can battle gats, 
 Matter a fact we can battle with placks, 
 (50 cent) 
 This rap game 
 I'm too fuckin' retarted, I don't give a fuck about my dick, 
 That's why I'm date'in largaine Bobbet, 
 My crew had a argument who was the largest, 
 Now they all is dead and I roll as a solo artist, 
 Plus I made the beat to all the raps, 
 Well I really didn't but I did according to this contract, 
 I was thrown in the snow with no where to go, 
 Freezin 20 below forced to join, bail shit, then blow (??), 
 My little girl, she shouldn't listen to these lyrics, 
 That's why I glued here headphones to her ears, 
 To make sure she hear it, 
 If rap don't work I'm startin a group with Garth Brooks, 
 Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha 
 50 sing the hook 
 (50 cent) 
 This rap game, this rap game, 
 I ain't sell'in my soul for this rap game, 
 Now I ain't digg'in no hole for this rap game, 
 But I'm tellin' ya no it ain't happenin'... 
 This rap game, this rap game, 
 I ain't sell'in my soul for this rap game, 
 I ain't digg'in no hole for this rap game, 
 This rap game, this rap game...
 As soon as hip hop came out it was a music that I could grasp and identify with the millennium. 
 All round and round! 
 From the first to the last, it is in the? passionate 
 Clear shit! all my nigger want my... 
 The hip pop is dying out! 
 ...My rap poem. 
 Eminem: 
 There's a certain mystique when I speak that you notice 
 'Cause it's sort of unique, cause you know it's me, 
 My poetry is deep and I'm still mad at the way I flow his beat! 
 I can't stand still, it's like trying smoke crap and go to sleep, 
 I'm strapped it's known any minute I could snap, 
 I'm the equivalent of what would happen if bush rapped 
 I bully these rappers so bad lyrically 
 It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money 
 You can't pay me enough for you to play me 
 It's cockamanie you just ain't zany enough to rock with shady 
 My noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clock's coo-coo 
 I got screws loose, yeah the whole kitten caboodle, I'm just brutal 
 It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it 
 There's no more humor in it, you know 
 I'm rolling with a swollen bowling ball in my bag 
 You need a fag and tear a near hole in my ass! 
 (Jay-z) 
 Young hov got the game in a frenzy 
 Twenty million sold all independently, 
 So when you mention me 
 Make sure you got together your 'semblies 
 Like, "he's the games j.f.kennedy" 
 I started out, I ain't have no chimney 
 My ma was santa claus, well, at least she pretended to be 
 Till one night, well, that's if memory serves me correct 
 I caught her under the christmas tree. 
 Young hov ain't have no pops 
 Thank god, man, I had the block 
 Y'all hear me though 
 You young fucks got the game all wrong 
 This is my life, man, this ain't no song! 
 You ain't livin' your rhymes out, you live at your mom's house 
 In that tight-ass room, pullin' the cars out 
 And the mirror pointin' at your reflection, killing yourself 
 You American pie, stop feeling yourself! 
 Nas: 
 I woke up early on my born day, I'm twenty years of blessing 
 The essence of adolescent leaves my body now I'm fresh in 
 My physical frame is celebrated 'cause I made it 
 One quarter through life some god-ly like thing created 
 Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some 
 Load up the mic and bust one, cuss while I puffs from 
 My skull 'cause it's pain in my brain vein money maintain 
 Don't go against the grain simple and plain! 
 When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard 
 Robbin' foreigners take they wallets they jewels and rip they green cards 
 Dipped to the projects flashin' my quick cash 
 And got my first piece of ass smokin' blunts with hash 
 Now it's all about cash in abundance, niggaz I used to run with 
 Is rich or doin' years in the hundreds 
 I switched my motto -- instead of sayin' fuck tomorrow 
 That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto. 
 Once I stood on the block, loose cracks produce stacks 
 I cooked up and cut small pieces to get my loot back 
 Time is illmatic keep static like wool fabric 
 Pack a four-matic that crack your whole cabbage!
 (Eminem Speaking) 
 Most people don't see how much work is really involved 
 In this rap shit 
 I didn't know it 
 I didn't see it 
 I never saw it until I was actually in it 
 You really gotta be in it 
 To understand what it's like 
 But you always gotta 
 People always gotta see your smile 
 You always gotta put on that fake 
 You know what I'm sayin' 
 No matter what you just been through 
 (B-Real) 
 So you wanna be a rap superstar 
 And live large a big house 
 5 cars, you're in charge 
 Comin' up in the world 
 Don't trust nobody 
 Gotta look over your shoulder constantly 
 (B-Real) 
 I remember the days when I was a young kid growin' up 
 Lookin' in the mirror dreamin' about blowin' up 
 To rock crowds make money 
 Chill wit the honies 
 Sign autographs and whatever the people want from me 
 Shits funny 
 How impossible cream manifest in the games that be comin' with it 
 Never the less you gotta go for the gusto 
 But you don't know about the blood sweat and tears 
 And losin some of your peers 
 And losin some of your self 
 Music has past gone by 
 Hopefully you don't manifest for the wrong guy 
 Egomaniac in the brainiac 
 Don't know how to act 
 Shits deep 
 48 tracks 
 Studio gangsta mack 
 Sign a deal emcees wanna make a mill 
 But never will 
 Till he crosses over still 
 Feelin' no hate 
 But fantasies come wit these 
 Just to sacrifice the taste of makin' cheese 
 You wanna be a rap superstar in the biz 
 And take shit from people who don't know what it is 
 I wish it was all fun and games 
 But the price of fame is high 
 And some can't pay to play 
 Trapped in what you rappin' about 
 Tell me what happened when you lost clout 
 The rout you took started collapsing 
 No fans 
 No fame 
 No respect 
 No change 
 No women 
 And everyone shits on your name 
 So you wanna be a rap superstar 
 And live large 
 A big house 
 5 cars 
 The rent charged 
 Comin' up in the world don't trust nobody 
 Gotta look over your shoulder constantly 
 To be a rap superstar 
 And live large 
 A big house 
 5 cars 
 The rent charged 
 Comin' up in the world don't trust nobody 
 Gotta look over your shoulder constantly 
 (Noreaga Speaking) 
 When you sign to a record label 
 You don't know you sign your life over 
 And these Witheboys don't care about you 
 'Cause the minute you fall off 
 They'll find another Noreaga 
 And they'll find another Capone-n-Noreaga 
 And they'll find another B-Real 
 So you need to just keep 
 Stack your chips up 
 Do what you gotta do while your hot 
 And mafuckin get out the game 
 Stick to the drug game 
 And the drug game is even worse 
 Because if someone jerks you 
 You can shoot 'em and kill me 
 But in this game if someone jerks you 
 You gotta be humble 
 (Eminem Speaking) 
 No matter what you just been through 
 Shit has gotta be right 
 You gotta approach people 
 You gotta be on the up and up 
 And everything gotta be all good 
 When you see someone slap hands with em 
 You know what I'm sayin' give 'em a pound 
 Or whatever it is 
 But you always gotta act like it ain't shit 
 (B-Real) 
 My own son don't know me 
 Sittin' up in the hotel room lonely 
 But I thank god I'm wit my homies 
 But sometimes I wish I was back home 
 But only no radio or videos 
 'Cause they show me no love 
 The phony gotta hit the road slowly 
 So the record gets pushed by sony 
 I'm in the middle like monie 
 And the press say that 
 My own people disowned me 
 And the best way back 
 Is to keep your head straight 
 Never inflate the cranium 
 Your crew worried about them honies at the paladium 
 Who just wanna cling on swing on 
 And so on and go on and fall off 
 The hoes fall off 
 To the next rap superstar 
 Wit no shame give him a year 
 And they'll be right out the game 
 The same as the last one 
 Who came before him 
 Gained fame 
 Started gettin' ignored 
 I warned him 
 Assured him 
 This ain't easy take it from weezy 
 Sleezy people wanna be cheesey 
 They talkin' evil
 Whoa nelly, 
 Tell Angelina Jolie I'm ready, 
 With petroleum jelly, 
 To smear it all over me belly, 
 And tell her she can hit me on me mobile, me celly, 
 And meet in the salami section of the grocery deli, 
 And maybe we can find us an appropriate telly, 
 A motel 6 or 8 it hink they both could be helly, 
 I fucked, then I quieted and told her email me, 
 And don't call me, I'll call you, can you feel me? Bitch do you smell me? 
 Animal instinct, cannabalistic, I just ran out of lipstick, man I'm a 
 Twisted, sick, sadistic, son of a bitch 
 6-6-6, broke his crucifix made out of sticks then fixed it 
 Chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick 
 Now play it back-wards muscle relaxers mixed with, 
 Liquid, 
 The lie to this delutifar quick fix, 
 Your delusional illusions look realistic...
 How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges 
 He's already got life in jail, man, what the hell is his problem 
 Well, to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic 
 They've compelled me to kill this elderly man 
 And I get these panic attacks 
 Pop a xanax, relax 
 Tryna stick my ****in' dick inside a mannequin's ass 
 Then I get manic depressed 
 See the orthodontist get gassed 
 Man, it's kickass 
 The first thing I put on is the mask 
 Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of face 
 And take it off and show my face so you can see the things you facin' 
 Slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation 
 That's bacon souffle you makin', ain't you? well, thank you jason 
 There goes one more coma 
 Due to blunt force trauma 
 Just give me one more soma 
 And I'll be done for, mama 
 Go in the damn broom closet 
 Another valium, lost it 
 Shovin' the vacuum nozzle 
 Down the bathroom faucet 
 Seems like every day I get a little flakier 
 The medication is making my hands a little shakier 
 Hand me the 18 month old baby, come shake 'em up 
 It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea 
 Breakin' his neck in eightysome places 
 Baby, he's shady comes lady 
 He's got the razor-b-blades and the ch-ch-chain-ch-saw, baby 
 You b-b-blundering, bumbling m-m-mumbling dum-dum 
 Yeah, here I come-come, you hear the rumbling? vrum-vrum 
 There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum-drum 
 My head and torso are some won' where they come from 
 Who's it belong to, maybe the girl with the long blonde hair 
 Who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms 
 Clearly there's some' wrong 
 'Cause she didn't come home 
 She's missing 
 Where is she 
 Something fishy is goin' on 
 I guess he stuck the xxxxx with the pitchfork with the long prongs 
 Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song 
 Come o
 First word, excrement 
 Exclimate, is that what you said? 
 My next defense, against these extra men 
 Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again 
 (Vaseline) 
 You little sickass, I'll spray 'em with gasoline 
 They try to jack me off with Vaseline 
 My ass is mean, I smash your spleen 
 When I crash the scene 
 (Cell phone) 
 With a cell phone, now who the hell is home? 
 Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words 
 (Animal crackers) 
 Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards 
 Ha ha, I got it, that's not it 
 Fake rappers been spotted 
 (Broken headphones) 
 Like broken headphones, you head home, you sped home 
 You get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones 
 So I ain't trying to hear them, give me another, word for your mother 
 (Stretch Armstrong) 
 Stretch Armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming 
 Running with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach 
 And star wars, this car's a Taurus 
 Yo, how many bars we hit tonight, 'cause I'm drunk off 
 (Peanut butter) 
 Off peanut butter, you see my dick and you start to stutter 
 Start to utter, words that you shouldn't utter 
 (Mark Whalberg) 
 Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd, and I'ma step on him like dogshit 
 A fore fist, so rappers just get off it, I come across with 
 (Pulp fiction) 
 With pulp fiction, yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction 
 Like slurpees, got herpes, got a hair piece, rest my anises (?) 
 Got brain damage, I'm dumber than rain man is 
 There's mayonnaise on this, I need a plain sandwich 
 Hurry up, give me one, rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none 
 (Fresh vegetables) 
 With fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you 
 You're bisexual, and there's a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that I 
 Be 
 (Preparation H) 
 Preparation H, you didn't even let me finish my rhyme 
 Just shut up for one more time, while I just shine, on this 
 Microphone, 'cause I'ma be honest, any MC who tries to step to this 
 I'm making you a promise, that what? Give me a word 
 (Nostradamus) 
 That Nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas 
 And coming back to get your parents, well I have it 
 These rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold 
 Rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole 
 (Times Square) 
 In Times Square, I got blonde hair, I'm higher than con air 
 Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare 
 In a lawn chair, 'cause I'm there 
 (Kurt Russell) 
 With Kurt Russell, saying come here Goldie, you want my love muscle? 
 I know you want it, I get blunted, then I 
 Kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees 
 (Taxicab) 
 With a taxicab, I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad 
 Where we going? Don't ask me dad 
 Leave me alone, I'm not trying, to even hear you 
 Dad, I hope you're fucking dying, off this porno mag 
 Yo, did you see my ad? Yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass? 
 Is what I meant to say, I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary 
 For the century, Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest 
 (Flamingos) 
 What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo 
 Every single day, at the bingo hall, that's why my dick is single, small 
 Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff? 
 Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff? 
 (DT's fired) 
 But DT's fired, he's retired, he's not hired, yo plus I'm tired 
 Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, I'm on top 
 Taking records to the pawnshop, stretch 
 Damn, see my big ick? Catch 
 Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it 
 Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady out, I get ill with the skill 
 Baby, aight baby, Slim Shady 
 Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady 
 Spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi 
 Bye bye
 Yeah 
 Trice 
 Statik Selektah 
 O back around the corner 
 Got the crack, put in your orders 
 We 'bout to run up out the stores 
 It's notorious, the way I got big spitting stories 
 Being me's X-Clan, Vanglorious 
 We're not your favorite, fuck it 
 You know the system and you buck it 
 Have you revisiting how you used to love it 
 A nigga spew through the music, acoustics, cool kid 
 Used to pursue excuses, truth is, I was truent in school 
 So its influence is foolish, that was my views 
 I'm back at it, the rap addict, by any means 
 We gon get these stacks accurate, no skinny jeans 
 Say he ain't a star, niggas might be right 
 I'm so regular, nigga gotta shit tonight 
 Take it back Selektah, let 'em know it's Trice 
 Put your seatbelts on, we gon' ride tonight 
 And I would like to introduce myse-self 
 Surprise! Hi, it's Ike 
 'Bout to get my Ike on, I come with a life supply 
 Of wife beaters and my Nikes on 
 And a white tee over that Iron Mike 
 Lookin' fly tonight, feel like I might die from a spider bite 
 Come back as Spider-Man, Park my Peter inside a dyke 
 Bitch actin' like she got fuckin' higher standards than Meijer's, right 
 Had to pry her fingers off the motherfuckin' Breyer's ice cream 
 With the pliers, like "Ah!" 
 Only a ruthless bastard would do this 
 Take a toothles bitch with no taste buds to Ruth Chris 
 Give her toothpicks, stop on the way home 
 Pick up two Big Bufords 
 Girl, you got a nice pair, but you're plum stupid! 
 So when I pull up in that Benz 
 Don't try to pretend you ain't interested 
 To impress your stupid ass friends 
 And refuse to get in woman, and get slammed on the ground 
 And snap like a pool stick against cement 
 If you suck of dick, pretend it's a musical instrument 
 You get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 I can tell at first glance you're a ho 
 Cause your pants are so tight 
 When you dance with O. Trice, your implants explode 
 So cold to dykes, the chance is snow in San Francisco 
 Boy I'm from Detroit city, you livin' in animosity 
 That's a fucked up state to be in, such an atrocity 
 Look where these random thoughts get me 
 In senseless mind babble, "What me? Apologize? labrbrr" 
 That's just the way the rhyme unravels 
 And I wouldn't fucking take it back if I time traveled! 
 Just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick 
 It's also Richard 'cause I feel like you should 
 Pry your fucking mouth up off of it 
 I said just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick 
 You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick 
 When I hold my privates to your first clue 
 Sherlock, prick! Just call me Richard 
 That's my motives, jumpin' out them Rovers 
 All white, like I was right up in the Dakotas 
 Or Minnesota, did I mention soda? 
 When it's mixed with viola, watch my cup runneth over 
 Cut from a soldier 
 Them ho niggas disposable toaster 
 Putting holes in a nigga getting close enough 
 Being me till the credits roll 
 Till my condition is beyond what the medics know 
 They wanna edit O 
 Like a prosthetic third leg let it go 
 This is Shady 1.0 Em let 'em know 
 I still profit through the process 
 The prize in my jeans my balls'll never digress 
 I'm a dick that I brag about 
 I put it in fast and then I drag it out 
 World, I be your special friend see 
 Cause these suckas suffer from pseudo penis envy 
 Just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick 
 It's also Richard 'cause I feel like you should 
 Pry your fucking mouth up off of it 
 I said just call me Richard, 'cause I'm a dick 
 You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick 
 When I hold my privates to your first clue 
 Sherlock, prick! Just call me Richard
 I feel phenomenal as usual 
 Pharmaceuticals, glue sniffin' pools of vomit at Bonnaroo 
 But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston 
 In the corner tryin' to seek solitude 
 Shallow but such a hollow dude 
 I won't even swallow solid food 
 Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa 
 Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you 
 Roses are violet, mollies are blue 
 Lost in a ball of confusion 
 It's all an illusion 
 It's probably the shrooms I'm on 
 'Cause I think I started hallucinating 
 'Cause I just thought I heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit 
 And all I could do was follow the music 
 And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza 
 Fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover 
 Just to pop in a wallow in fumes 
 I feel uptight I gotta get looser 
 After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution 
 Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as deluded 
 'Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit 
 Excusez-moi but that hoochie that passed 
 You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze 
 Butt juicier, ass it belongs in a juicer 
 It's mouth waterin' too so I walked over to her like "I'm Marshall 
 Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll introduce ya" 
 Oh I'm a misogynist too but I'm not a masseuse 
 But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth 
 Chronic abuser, and I don't mean a user of marijuana 
 I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers 
 Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a Glock, and a nuke 
 And a Rottweiler too, and I'm not in the mood so 
 When I say I'm bringing the TEC out 
 I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers 
 God, I'm gonna puke 
 I'm so gone off the hookah 
 I think I swallowed a loofah 
 I'm tore up, demolished, I'm fuckin' stoned like Oliver 
 Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her 
 The thoughts I produce are loony tunes 
 The box of reusable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes 
 That were placed next to Veronica's boobs 
 And the paycheck stubs that were stuffed in the glove box 
 In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues 
 The girl was just not the one suitable for him 
 Right for me, change me, rearrange my head to be 
 Just right for you and me, don't laugh, please listen, to me 
 Thought I'd give in to the pressure 
 Collapse and crumble perhaps 
 Relapsing under that 
 Well that's a bunch of crap 
 In the clutch, I'm the Captain Crunch of rap 
 And I'm sick of acting humble, that's enough of that 
 Fuck that shit, cud the sack 
 Like it's a natural reaction 
 That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match 
 'Cause push keeps coming to that 
 I can keep getting my ass kicked and coming back 
 Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit, still mad 
 Disgruntled, had some struggles, yeah 
 But that passion and hunger's back 
 What a fantastic juggling act 
 And the way I flip my tongue on the track 
 It's like verbal acrobatics 
 But in fact 
 Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic 
 I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft 
 After I strapped a duffel bag to my back 
 And stuffed a massive punchin' bag in it 
 And an elastic bungee strap, rubber, plaster, a thumb tack 
 And a piece of plastic bubble wrap 
 Went spastic and fuckin' snapped 
 Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid 
 Stumbled back, recovered, back flipped 
 And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat 
 And for my last trick, lunge on back 
 Latch on a NASA shuttle flap, fuckin' snap the rudder in half 
 Chuckled and laughed, utter my last rebuttal 
 And just as I'm to come crashin' 
 I grab my Go-Go-Gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress 
 And ceramic construction hat 
 Rub my magic mushroom tat 
 For luck then splat, get up from that 
 Face taped to a waste paper basket 
 Throw up then gasp, lungs collapsed 
 And that's more likely than finding someone that's 
 Right for me, change me, rearrange my head to be 
 Just right for you and me, don't laugh, please listen, to me 
 Couple of shots of Jger 
 Public intoxication, dis-fuckin'-combobulation 
 Flooded with thoughts of anger 
 While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin' 
 "You're top ten ain't cha?" stop it, you fuckers are talkin' crazy 
 And stop interrupting you're not even up in that conversation 
 Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous 
 Underground, pop, or nameless, whatever your job is 
 I give a fuck what's your occupation 
 You're thinkin' just 'cause you came in with scrubs 
 And you brought the scalpel and sponge 
 The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon 
 Stuck in the operating room 
 Once you done swapped your name with him 
 Smuggled in Ronald Reagan 
 If you dug him up; Donald Fagen 
 While juggling waffles, bacon 
 A fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagled it 
 Flung it across the table 
 Then bump it and knock it shake it 
 Jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration 
 I said fuck it and lost my patience 
 They all woke up from sedation 
 Ain't none of you Dr Dre 
 So then what is it got you thinkin' 
 You can fuck with this operation? 
 Aftermath, still running hip-hop amazing 
 I'm still pluggin' along 
 No need for an assumption 
 Here's confirmation 
 I'm up for the long duration 
 I'm just looking for something to walk away with 
 Some pocket change and a little integrity 
 Though I'll probably be jumpin' across the stage 
 Till I'm fuckin' Madonna's age and 
 Stuck in an awkward place in my life 
 But I shit you not like I'm plugged up with constipation 
 That day will come before I finally stumble upon some lady that's 
 Right for me, change me, rearrange my head to be 
 Just right for you and me, don't laugh, please listen, to me
 *Eminem* 
 Ay yo Obie 
 Show your teeth man 
 Obie* 
 It's about to get real ugly man 
 Shady records man 
 (Invasion) 
 D-twizzy 
 *Eminem* 
 'Cause we're smiling 
 *Obie* 
 Eminem mutha fuckas 
 (1) 
 50cent 
 (2) 
 Obie trice 
 (3) 
 Lets go! 
 Throw them hands up (uh) 
 Throw them hands up (bustas) 
 Throw them hands up (bitch) 
 Throw them hands up (hoes!) 
 Throw them hands up (fuck faces) 
 Throw them hands up (dick riders) 
 Throw them hands up (fake assed mutha fuckas 
 All y'all) 
 Throw them hands up 
 *Obie* 
 You know how I be 
 High for V.I.P 
 I'll be in the club till I D.I.E 
 Somewhere in the mix fucking with the 
 D.I.K.Es 
 Spitting at whore moody rain more 
 You talk shit I talk shit to B 
 You pull out a mag bare of bus so B 
 You pull out a mag don't buss Obie 
 Faggot ass with the seasame 
 You know a nigger beemed up 
 Hood tripled beamed up 
 Ash on V's rolling on sprees - what 
 Was that who what? ask Em I'll shoot ya 
 Take on the barnuda get real of the madusa 
 Lose for night track fifteen 
 I proved you mother fuckers that a screw 
 Weren't tight 
 The eminem show for mic's in the show 
 O's all politics!
 All right it's my turn let me show you how I do shit 
 Its nothin' like you guys 'cause I recite poetry that knowone likes 
 This is the night for all of us to flow to everyone and not for fun 
 Come on now I'm on its real and Ima tell you how I feel 
 Everyone of you punk mothafuckas see us as fake 
 That's a big mistake 'cause when your fuckin' with us we can't be stopped 
 Were on top poppin' off right now whilin out 
 Fucking with us you will be dealt with your head cut off 
 Me and my crew aren't soft you will be pissed and I also promise 
 To leave you dismissed along with gettin' your ass kicked 
 Were from the ROCK and where I'm from you can't be seen 
 All of you are the downfall and you don't have the balls to come at us 
 I'm NOTORIOUS like BIGGY and I love when fake niggas test me 
 I came in this game with my pockets empty and left with a roll of 20's 
 There's a first time for every rhyme and every line this is mine 
 My 1 YEAR bid in the bin it made me a man 
 Doing this shit crazy while half of you amaze me 
 If this is nonsense to you its because you ain't been through 
 You obviously ain't been threw shit 
 Age 16 started hating everyone and everything 'cause I relized that 
 Shit doesn't always go my way unless I got money that earns say 
 While the consequences every year come with fear 
 Cause around here you never know when death is near 
 This shit is really how I feel doubt me and it makes me stronger 
 I ts an adrenaline rush when I touch the dutch along with the mic 
 Around here I am well liked so fuck all of you that think I'm shit 
 'Cause if there really is a real nigga I'm it 
 I ain't gonna stop till I know me and my crew are on top 
 Of the charts and ahead of our rap game 
 Maintain by gettin' our words of stress 
 Str8ght to all of your heads so you know we don't play 
 I pray everyday to be like me 'cause I know I'm ready 
 To do this shit that I was not taught to do 
 My mind is my eyes that lye me to be blind 
 Hoping to find my lyrics to make all of you fear this.
 (Nicki Minaj) 
 I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin 
 So far ahead, these bums is lagging 
 See me in that new thing, bums is gagging 
 I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon 
 Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzing 
 So f-ck I look like getting back to a has-been 
 Yeah, I said it, has-been 
 Hang it up, flatscreen, haha, plasma 
 Hey Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma 
 I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine 
 I got bars, sentencing 
 I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt 
 And I'll kick that hoe, punt 
 Forced trauma, blunt 
 You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front 
 You need a job, this ain't cutting it 
 Nicki Minaj is who you ain't f-cking with 
 You li'l brag a lot, I beat you with a pad-a-lock 
 I am a movie, camera block 
 You outta work, I know it's tough 
 But enough is enough 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon 
 (Eminem) 
 I ain't into S and M, but my whip's off the chain 
 A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame 
 Twisted-ass mind, got a pretzel for a brain 
 An eraser for a head, f-cking pencil for a frame 
 You don't like it then peel off bitch 
 Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off 
 And I still wouldn't f-ck you, slut 
 So wipe the smile on your grill off 
 I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off 
 Get the wheels turning, spin a wheel off 
 Snap the axel in half, bust the tie-rod 
 Quit hollering "Why, God?" 
 He ain't got sh-t to do with it 
 Bygones will never be bygones 
 So won't be finished swallowing my wad 
 I ain't finished blowing it, nice bra 
 Hope it'll fit a tough titty, bitch 
 Life's hard, I swear to God 
 Life is a dumb blonde white broad with fake tits and a bad dye job 
 Who just spit in my f-cking face and called me a f-cking tightwad 
 So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod 
 And caught her stealing my music 
 So I tied her arms and legs to the bed 
 Set up the camera and pissed twice on her 
 Look, two pees and a tripod! 
 The moral to the story is, life's treating you like dry sod? 
 Kick it back in its face, my God 
 It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd 
 But don't ask why, bitch 
 (Ask why not) 
 The wo-world is my punchin' bag and 
 If I'm garbage, you're a bunch of maggots 
 Make that face, go on, scrunch it up at me 
 Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it 
 Like a, rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon 
 You musta went off the back, I'm 'bout to go off the deep end 
 I told you to stay in your lane, you just choked in traffic 
 (Nicki Minaj) 
 (I-I-I-I-Is) Is this the thanks that I get for putting you bitches on? 
 Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone? 
 Shoulda sent a thank you note, you little ho 
 Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow 
 "N-N-N-Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot" 
 Word, that bitch mad 'cause I took the spot? 
 Well, bitch, if you ain't sh-tting, then get off the pot 
 Got some n-ggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top 
 I-I-I-I hear them mumbling, I hear the cackling 
 I got 'em scared, shook, panicking 
 Overseas, church, Vatican 
 You at a stand, still, mannequin 
 You wanna sleep on me? Overnight? 
 I'm the motherf-cking boss, overwrite 
 And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike 
 Now all my n-ggas gettin' bucked, overbite 
 I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's 
 Raggedy-ass, holes in your knee-highs 
 I call the play, now do you see why? 
 These bitches calling me Manning, Eli 
 (Manning, Eli!) 
 Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-Manning, Eli 
 These bitches calling me (Manning, Eli) 
 (Eminem) 
 A-a-a-a-all you little faggots can suck it, no homo 
 But I'ma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets 
 And I'm crooked enough to make straitjackets bend 
 Yeah, look who's back again, bitch 
 Keep acting as if you have the same passion I have 
 Yeah right, still hungry, my ass 
 You ass-dicks had gastric bypass 
 Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass 
 And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids (eyelash!) 
 Go take a flying leap of faith off a f-cking balcony 
 'Fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass 
 You know what time it is, so why ask? 
 Slim Shady and Nicki's World's clashing 
 It's high class meets white trash 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon 
 Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon 
 (Nicki Minaj) 
 Roman, Roman! 
 Stop it, stop it! 
 You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad! 
 You and this boy Slim Shady! 
 What's going on? they'll lock you away! 
 They'll put you in a jail cell! 
 I promise! take your mother's warning, Roman 
 Pleaaaaase, back to bed, run along! 
 Let's go! Come on! 
 Wash your mouth out with soap, boys
 (Feat. Xzibit) 
 Eminem: 
 You turn that beat up 
 (Verse 1: Eminem) 
 My music is constantly provin' 
 That it can put you in the mood 
 To jump out of ya car while its movin' 
 You've been waitin' on this moment 
 My sermon is like an omen 
 I'm serving 
 I'm Erick Sermon 
 I saw the window was open and I jumped through it 
 My shit if you don't get pumped to it 
 I quit 
 Heres my rhyme book go ahead and thumb through it 
 And pick what you want from it 
 Rummage 
 And find something you can use to jump someone and roll up of it 
 I'm constantly coppin' over you squattin' 
 Shit has gotten 
 To the point where I ain't even writin' no more I'm just jottin' 
 This is chicken scratch 
 Shit is sickening 
 I've been kickin' ass off of bullshit throw away rhymes 
 Pick a batch 
 I live for the love of rap 
 You crazy? 
 I've made beats for Jay-Z 
 Capri page me 
 If you need a beat 
 You Canibus then its Dre's beat 
 You Kay Slay the beats waved 
 I stay beefin' with JD 
 Till the day Dre two-ways me 
 That its OK to stop blazin' him 
 Ooops I put it out 
 I apoligize now 
 It's too late G 
 Its on tape and the tape leaked 
 Say what you say motherfucker 
 Drama King Kay Slay motherfucker 
 We dictate these mixtapes motherfucker 
 Xzibit lace this little gay midget cock sucker 
 Xzibit: 
 Ladies and gentlemen 
 This is dedicated to the man we all love to hate 
 Tattoo a.k.a. The Leprahcaun a.k.a. Mr. Jermaine Dupri 
 Come on ladies and gentlemen sing along 
 Singing: 
 Don't think about no reason 
 Don't think about no reason 
 Don't think about no reason 
 To Liiiiiiive 
 Xzibit: 
 Fuckin' faggot 
 (Verse 2: Xzibit) 
 If ya So So Def then bitch get a hearing aid 
 Ain't worth the gauge 
 Ya heart pumpin' lemonade 
 Hook, line and sink when you took the bait 
 Act ya age not ya size, not ya weight 
 Everytime you profess you makin' hits 
 Why it always got to sound like the next man's shit? 
 Went from Big, to Puff to Snoop to Jay 
 Hey Jermaine whos dick you 'gon ride today 
 Couldn't wait to get the green light from Dr. Dre 
 Never liked ya fuckin' ass any god damn way 
 And I could care less if we label mates 
 I got love for the Brack 
 Get off Bow Wow's back 
 Fuck you, fuck the nigga that's writin' ya raps 
 What up Loc get ya L.A. pass revoked 
 Don't get me wrong Papa Smurf you won't get smoked 
 But you might get robbed and choked 
 Or you might disappear kidnapped with no ransom note 
 Off the leash off the hook off the chain 
 Fuck Jermaine 
 You ain't got to say my name 
 Speak now or forever hold the dick in your mouth 
 You ain't the mayor you don't run shit in the South 
 Scarface run the South motherfucker you a peon 
 The underage bitch in the Kelly tape gettin' pee'd on 
 Cock eyed midget with a Napoleon complex 
 You represent nonsense 
 Harlem Shake to that high jumped to hell 
 You the best in the business I can't tell 
 Too late to apoligize kiss my ass 
 We about to cut your whole Sound Scan in half 
 Homie protect yourself 
 Stop fuckin' with West nigga respect yourself 
 It's a short ride to the top and a long way down 
 Look at the machine I'm about to drop now 
 This ain't no beef 
 Its more like lunch meat 
 Large caliber heat 
 Lets take it to the street 
 Motherfucker 
 Xzibit: 
 Ha ha ha ha 
 Oh my god 
 Yeah 
 Yeah
 "What's your favorite scary movie?" 
 (Em) Yo, Slim Shady! 
 (R5) Yo, Royce 5-9 
 (Em) Y'all wanna make a movie? 
 (R5) What... 
 (Em) We got the film right here 
 (Royce) 
 What? 
 Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers 
 Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya 
 King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?) 
 Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit 
 Into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with 
 Experts, Bad and Evil is comin' soon 
 MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb 
 This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin' (what?) 
 Leavin' all of you cats shittin kittens 
 I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols 
 Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?) 
 Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend 
 Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?) 
 Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny 
 My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi 
 Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweetpart 
 You can't be street smart with a cheap heart 
 Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin' (what?) 
 I keep illin, my steez willin' to keep killin' (what?) 
 Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts 
 Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks 
 Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at 
 Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at 
 And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns 
 Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders 
 What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls 
 I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?) 
 Split y'all, holla, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all 
 All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off 
 Chorus: Eminem and Royce (repeat 2X) 
 Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie? 
 Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies 
 You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me 
 We hard-hittin, directin and starrin' in it 
 (Eminem) 
 The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon 
 Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin 
 Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes 
 So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin 
 I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail 
 Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale 
 Cause any MC that chooses to go against me 
 Is gettin' takin' advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave mealone!) 
 Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed 
 Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!) 
 With three spokes stickin out of my pant leg 
 Fuck a headache, give me a migraine 
 Damnit I like pain (Ah!) 
 And you should be anywhere that I might gain 
 You rap knowin' you wack 
 You act up and I'm throwin' you down a flight of steps 
 Then I'm throwin' you back up em 
 If they don't like the track, fuck em 
 The rap struck 'em harder then gettin' hit by a Mack truck 
 And then backed up on 
 And any half-assed known rapper to trespass 
 Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!) 
 So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry upman!) 
 I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie 
 I'm free-fallin' feet first out of a damn tree 
 To stampede your chest till you can't breathe 
 And when I'm down to my last breath 
 I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step 
 And still laugh half bent 
 (Em) Bad... the bad... 
 (R5) Uh, when the bad meets the bad... yo... 
 (Em) The evil 
 (R5) Take the evil with the evil 
 (Em) Put 'em together 
 (R5) What? Nine-nine 
 (Em) Two times... Slim Shady... Royce the Five Nine
 Eminem: 
 S-S-Shady Records, you better believe the HYPE is real... 
 'Yeah! Yeah! You rockin' wit the talk of New York Tony yayo Shady aftermath with the Soul Assasins. 
 Niggas know what I'm about out here 
 I don't toot my own horn 'cause I don't have to 
 You can run your own mouth, I don't care 
 If you get too close I'm gon' clap you 
 It's too real out here, to be scared 
 A real nigga gon' do whatever he has to 
 A man is the last thing you should fear 
 It ain't considered a crim unless they catch you 
 We all die 1 day... 
 Obie Trice: 
 Niggas, when I step up in the bar, faggots's wanna look 
 Like you muthafuckas got Obie Trice shook 
 Like I'ma stand here as a man 
 And let some queer-ass funny lookin' nigga get the upper hand 
 I got issues... got no time 
 Got guns than more niggas moms 
 Shoot up clubs and destroy niggas rides 
 Everybody runnin' for they muthafuckin lives 
 Tough Club niggas? we leave early 
 Cock back shirley, open up ya fade 
 Your gray brain needs motor city paid 
 Your nervous system still twitch on days; these 
 Ho's and animals ?'s get merked 
 Don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt 
 Don't ever let a nigga tell you 'play the ball hard' 
 Trust in God 'cause you's about to have a bullet scar 
 I give a fuck where you from, who you be with 
 Keep this a secret, right by the nuts 
 A .45 that'll light niggas up 
 And this .45 high make me not give a fuck 
 Lloyd Banks: 
 But as long as I'm here I'm gon' grab checks 
 And make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks 
 Poverty'll make ya ass bet 
 My words touch niggas in jail, make them wanna finish they last bet 
 They say you live by the gun, you die by the next nigga gun 
 If that's the case, then get a bigger one 
 You don't think I pack the 'bump' 'cause I'm out the hood 
 That's a stereotype, like everybody that's black can jump 
 I'm in a white mink, the fabric is done 
 Got rings like Mike, Bird, Magic and them 
 I'm out in dallas in a palace where the Mavericks is from 
 Living lavish I'm established till the cabbage'll come 
 I'm in the clouds, you don't see me on a train 
 I travel first class, you ain't ever got a TV on your plane 
 Ssh, be easy on my name 
 'Cause I ain't goin' bank 'n' forth 
 Your boss and ya captains's soft 
 Eminem: 
 We gon' bring it to anybody who want it 
 You want it? you gon' get it 
 Man when we gon' hit 'em 
 Chew 'em up and spit 'em out 
 <Spit> too much venom 
 And if you roll wit em 
 We gon' fuck you up wit 'em 
 I got too much momentum 
 Movin in my direction to lose 
 My shoes'll explode as soon as you go to step in 'em *BOOM!* 
 You know how we do it when we do how we do it 
 And we come through, g-unit d one two (D12) and Obie we all move 
 Like assassins, ski masks and gloves 
 Consider this as a warning, disaster comes 
 Faster than you can react to it, just ask Marx 
 We are fizzast, fuck your little bitch as up 
 We are not killas, my vato will have you shot though 
 Drag the little body on fuck like kim osario's 
 Little sorry-o ass, go ask B-Real 
 We burn Source coovers like fuckin' Cyrpress Hill 
 Then in the Ninties when you was in diapers still 
 Shady Records, you better believe the hype is real 
 This is no joke, I don't smoke, but I toke 
 Enough second hand to make my fuckin' P.O. choke 
 I'm an O.G. you're fuckin' wit a G.I. Joe 
 BIA BIA, MIA-MIA you livin' la vida a loc? 
 I'm a psyhco, mariah ain't got shit on me 
 When I retire I'll be spittin' baby food on peep- 
 Le it at San Ceedrow Ranch huddled up next to a 'em with hello kitty on slippers on humpin her 
 Legs 
 You ever had your cap peeled back? or your shit pushed in? 
 I'll put my blade in you like a fuckin' pin cushin 
 Slice your ear clear off, Schmirnoff and Hen dawg (hennessy) 
 I'll show you how to fuckin' kill a man like Sin-dog 
 Nobody told you that I'm loco esse? 
 I lack every sane chemical in my membrane 
 I'm Slim Sha... DY and it is for dees nuts 
 And you can get each one for free so feast up 
 I pee in a cup for 3 months, I'm having a E party 
 For easter, please come 
 50 Cent: 
 We gon' bring it to anybody who want it 
 You want it? you gon' get it 
 Your name up over him, chew him up 
 And spit him out <spit noise> 
 Too much venom 
 And if you roll wit' him we gon' fuck you up wit' him 
 You can do all them push ups to pump up ya chest 
 I got a 12 gauge Marksberg to pump up ya chest 
 Have you gaspin for air after that shell hit ya vest 
 Fear me like you fear God 'cause I bring death 
 Silver back gorilla in the concrete jungle 
 I'm the strongest around, you know how I get down 
 I watch gangsta flicks and root for the bad guy 
 Turn it off before it ends because the bad guy dies 
 If you tryin' to buy guns from the nigga that look to 
 So what they got bodies on 'em they still look new 
 You can raise your voice like you finna touch somethin' 
 When I raise my knife, shit I'm finna cut somethin' 
 They say I walk like Ron O'neil and talk like obie (obie trice) 
 If the bitch think I love her, well then the bitch don't know me 
 Haha, sorry KIM (eminem's ex wife) 
 Eminem: 
 S-S-Shady Records, you better believe the HYPE is real... 
 'Yeah! Yeah! Shots to Soul Assasins! DJ MUGZ... Alchemist... 
 Niggas know what I'm about out here 
 I don't toot my own horn 'cause I don't have to 
 You can run your own mouth, I don't care 
 If you get too close I'm gon' clap you 
 It's too real out here, to be scared 
 A real nigga gon' do whatever he has to 
 A man is the last thing you should fear 
 It ain't considered a crim unless they catch you 
 We all die 1 day... 
 Obie Trice: 
 Niggas, when I step up in the bar, faggots's wanna look 
 Like you muthafuckas got Obie Trice shook 
 Like I'ma stand here as a man 
 And let some queer-ass funny lookin' nigga get the upper hand 
 I got issues... got no time 
 Got guns than more niggas moms 
 Shoot up clubs and destroy niggas rides 
 Everybody runnin' for they muthafuckin lives 
 Tough Club niggas? we leave early 
 Cock back shirley, open up ya fade 
 Your gray brain needs motor city paid 
 Your nervous system still twitch on days; these 
 Ho's and animals ?'s get merked 
 Don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt 
 Don't ever let a nigga tell you 'play the ball hard' 
 Trust in God 'cause you's about to have a bullet scar 
 I give a fuck where you from, who you be with 
 Keep this a secret, right by the nuts 
 A .45 that'll light niggas up 
 And this .45 high make me not give a fuck 
 Lloyd Banks: 
 But as long as I'm here I'm gon' grab checks 
 And make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks 
 Poverty'll make ya ass bet 
 My words touch niggas in jail, make them wanna finish they last bet 
 They say you live by the gun, you die by the next nigga gun 
 If that's the case, then get a bigger one 
 You don't think I pack the 'bump' 'cause I'm out the hood 
 That's a stereotype, like everybody that's black can jump 
 I'm in a white mink, the fabric is done 
 Got rings like Mike, Bird, Magic and them 
 I'm out in dallas in a palace where the Mavericks is from 
 Living lavish I'm established till the cabbage'll come 
 I'm in the clouds, you don't see me on a train 
 I travel first class, you ain't ever got a TV on your plane 
 Ssh, be easy on my name 
 'Cause I ain't goin' bank 'n' forth 
 Your boss and ya captains's soft 
 Eminem: 
 We gon' bring it to anybody who want it 
 You want it? you gon' get it 
 Man when we gon' hit 'em 
 Chew 'em up and spit 'em out 
 <Spit> too much venom 
 And if you roll wit em 
 We gon' fuck you up wit 'em 
 I got too much momentum 
 Movin in my direction to lose 
 My shoes'll explode as soon as you go to step in 'em *BOOM!* 
 You know how we do it when we do how we do it 
 And we come through, g-unit d one two (D12) and Obie we all move 
 Like assassins, ski masks and gloves 
 Consider this as a warning, disaster comes 
 Faster than you can react to it, just ask Marx 
 We are fizzast, fuck your little bitch as up 
 We are not killas, my vato will have you shot though 
 Drag the little body on fuck like kim osario's 
 Little sorry-o ass, go ask B-Real 
 We burn Source coovers like fuckin' Cyrpress Hill 
 Then in the Ninties when you was in diapers still 
 Shady Records, you better believe the hype is real 
 This is no joke, I don't smoke, but I toke 
 Enough second hand to make my fuckin' P.O. choke 
 I'm an O.G. you're fuckin' wit a G.I. Joe 
 BIA BIA, MIA-MIA you livin' la vida a loc? 
 I'm a psyhco, mariah ain't got shit on me 
 When I retire I'll be spittin' baby food on peep- 
 Le it at San Ceedrow Ranch huddled up next to a 'em with hello kitty on slippers on humpin her 
 Legs 
 You ever had your cap peeled back? or your shit pushed in? 
 I'll put my blade in you like a fuckin' pin cushin 
 Slice your ear clear off, Schmirnoff and Hen dawg (hennessy) 
 I'll show you how to fuckin' kill a man like Sin-dog 
 Nobody told you that I'm loco esse? 
 I lack every sane chemical in my membrane 
 I'm Slim Sha... DY and it is for dees nuts 
 And you can get each one for free so feast up 
 I pee in a cup for 3 months, I'm having a E party 
 For easter, please come 
 50 Cent: 
 We gon' bring it to anybody who want it 
 You want it? you gon' get it 
 Your name up over him, chew him up 
 And spit him out <spit noise> 
 Too much venom 
 And if you roll wit' him we gon' fuck you up wit' him 
 You can do all them push ups to pump up ya chest 
 I got a 12 gauge Marksberg to pump up ya chest 
 Have you gaspin for air after that shell hit ya vest 
 Fear me like you fear God 'cause I bring death 
 Silver back gorilla in the concrete jungle 
 I'm the strongest around, you know how I get down 
 I watch gangsta flicks and root for the bad guy 
 Turn it off before it ends because the bad guy dies 
 If you tryin' to buy guns from the nigga that look to 
 So what they got bodies on 'em they still look new 
 You can raise your voice like you finna touch somethin' 
 When I raise my knife, shit I'm finna cut somethin' 
 They say I walk like Ron O'neil and talk like obie (obie trice) 
 If the bitch think I love her, well then the bitch don't know me 
 Haha, sorry KIM (eminem's ex wife)
 Let's get down to business 
 I ain't got no time to mess around what is this? 
 New shit coming through; I ain't got no time to mess around 
 We coming 
 I got 50 Cent I got G-Uni we up in this bitch 
 With Obie Trice 
 So watch what you say 'fore you call our names you say one more thing 
 It won't be nice 
 Here we go I should've known 
 That I would finally get pulled 
 Into some more shit sooner or later you little haters 
 Are too jealous of us to love us then Obie's coming 
 D12 is coming you're sick to your stomachs 
 50 percent of it's 50 Cent the other 50 percent of it's 
 Whose colour of skin it is 
 And before you even consider taking our label down 
 You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it 
 But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it I'm just trying 
 To give you a little hint for your own benefit 
 'Cause then it's gonna get to the point where it is gonna escalade 
 Into some other shit then I'ma flip 
 Then I'ma get to stompin in my air force ones 
 You won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or one 
 It's gonna feel like so many feet kicking you 
 You'll think Nike just made these in a cleat tennis shoe 
 I don't know what it is or what it could be but 
 I get a woody when these pussies try to push me 
 Thinking they gon' put me in the position to pick at me 
 Y'all tickle me pink I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me 
 Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety 
 A little bit of the dickety dock dickety 
 Mixed with a little bit of the jigga-j-jigga 
 With a small pinch of Biggie look at me I'm just the bomb 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 'Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label 
 Obie, D twizie, G unit,50, shady records 
 We the label fo sho 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 'Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper 
 Obie, D twizie, G unit,50 we gon' kill yo fuckin' label fo sho 
 Shady 'n' the place to be c and it what it takes to rock the mic right 
 Still watch what you say to me punk 'cause I'm off probation in less than six months
 I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought 
 I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog 
 Night club, shit, I was taught 
 If your CD's on fire you had to put it out yourself like Highland Park 
 No fire department, so you might not hear sirens at all 
 But don't be alarmed if I sound off 
 Something just ain't right with me, dog 
 A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder? 
 Widely regarded highly? Bite me, sweetheart 
 I'm slightly retarded, but tonight I'm startin' 
 Shit, I'm feeling self righteous and might just hop in a mosh pit on some Mike Tyson and Pac shit 
 Lookin' to box with anybody, disorderly conduct 
 I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith 
 Fan of The LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock 
 Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet 
 Panic attack 'cause I'm claustrophobic 
 No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver for movement 
 'Cause I have no room for improvement 
 I'm practically squashed, compacted and boxed in 
 Toxic, cans of arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content 
 Bar exam, start of insanity 
 Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson 
 Animal snarls, cannibal jaws 
 Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter 
 Looking skantless as Hannibal's stalking 
 Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets 
 (Whistle) Black out, Zach Galifianakis 
 Gallons of Vodka, but that gal has some knockers 
 I bet'cha they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious 
 What happened, doc? I passed out again 
 Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked 
 Stolen Magnavox and bag of rocks in back of a Datsun 
 Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics 
 Too close to the StairMaster 
 Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it 
 Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover 
 No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it 
 Air Maxes in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich 
 And the cross stitching is a cross mixing 
 Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin 
 Fin, cotton Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches 
 Swatch watches and sneakers match with the parkas 
 But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym 
 With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers 
 And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted 
 Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious 
 Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils? 
 Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall 
 I'll stand there and yell that at a wall 
 Until the mannequin dolls scatter and the inanimate objects 
 That I'm battering all shatter and fall 
 'Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped 
 I'm a spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell 
 But I sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all get jumped 
 And I'll catch the battery charge, but 
 I got a hunch like your back when it's arching 
 When I start attacking your squadron 
 You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging 
 So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you 
 Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers 
 So get the sack like Wisconsin 
 That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding? 
 You faggots are all gonna do my bidding 
 Don't get dragged to the auction 
 Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all 
 I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this 
 Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass 
 See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave 
 In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping 
 Affable guy next door laughable 
 My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms 
 That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor 
 No emotion hence I guess this sick prick dies hard 
 I got a Magic Johnson 
 It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me 
 If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out 
 Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me 
 I laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me 
 Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around 
 And all I see is Paulie Malignaggi, Slaughterhouse in a blouse 
 And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am a misogynist 
 I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony 
 Just so happens she's fond of algae 
 Cause now she's faceplants on the concrete 
 Complete lack of responsibility 
 Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit 
 Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop 
 But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy 
 Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now 
 Five-finger discount 
 Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy 
 Kidnapping your mom 'cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery 
 Ransom for JonBent Ramsey, Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit 
 ("Em") Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde 
 I might relapse, get on some bullshit 
 Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson 
 Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth 
 And have some back and forths 
 And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's "Control" verse 
 And perform "Fack" in concert ("Fack" plays) 
 Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album 
 Now that was awesome 
 It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that 
 Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like (I'll stick around) 
 And put up with my crap so long for, what's the attraction, mama? 
 Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre 
 Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama? 
 Who knows at this point, it's always poking so na-ah 
 Still get along with this voice cause that's the "Monster" 
 So do-see-do with the (na-ah) sociopath 
 Everyone who knows me knows that 
 What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio 
 (Na-ah) She loves the way I lie 
 Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow 
 Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole 
 That my disguise is pants, but they on fire 
 So am I-a, (Wu) Cappadonna, cut the track off (fart sound) 
 Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking 
 I'm wrapping up all the presents 
 In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em 
 Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off 
 Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him 
 Blowing a head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond 
 Put the basket back all the bath salt packets are gone, I 
 Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier 
 But classic rock acid rap is the genre 
 Got Slash on guitar, splash of Bizarre, Thrasher, and Aerosmith 
 And I'm a spectacular archer, feed Count Dracula, Chocula 
 Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan, bandwagoners 
 I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em 
 Smack Kim Basinger on her ass in the sauna
 (Intro- talking) 
 {Eminem] 
 Shady, Aftermath 
 (BTOV) {nate dogg] 
 Aye bitch, hey! 
 There she goes shaking that ass on the floor 
 Bumpin and grindin that pole 
 The way she's grindin that pole 
 I think I'm losing control 
 Hey hey Bobby, Bobby, Bobby Creek 
 (Bobby Creek) 
 I'm on the patron 
 In the end I'm gone 
 My eyes ain't clear 
 I'm gone 
 So she hear me wrong 
 I'm kinda in the zone 
 Cause the DJ playin' my song 
 Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known 
 I'm from Atlanta 
 So southern ain't just part of my grammar 
 I can up and cock the hammer 
 For any nigga wid Hammer 
 But I came here to get on goose and tropicana 
 Get loose put some more of my juice 
 In your caboose 
 Sippin everything from white grain 
 To deuce juice 
 With nothin' to gain 
 But my grace and loose tooths 
 Eminem came Obie stat and proof too 
 Bobby creek is in the place 
 The name is snoop too 
 But they might been around 
 My drinks is 10 around 
 I can make her spin around 
 If she keep her dinner down 
 Simmer down 
 We can hit the telly when the fun stops 
 And I'll let you in ya work 
 Come sip on my gum drops 
 Yeah 
 (Nate Dogg) 
 Three to the one from the one to the three 
 I met a bad bitch last night in the D 
 Let me tell you how I made her leave with me 
 Conversation and Hennessey 
 I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top 
 Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em drop 
 If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock 
 And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock 
 Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet 
 It's real easy just follow the beat 
 Don't let that fine girl pass you by 
 Look real close cause strobe lights lie 
 We bout to have a party (turn the music up) 
 Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt) 
 I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
 Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up 
 Some girls they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it 
 I'm lookin' for a girl 
 That will do whatever the fuck 
 I say everyday she be givin' it up 
 (Nate Dogg- Chorus) 
 Shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Oh girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 (Eminem) 
 O' Trice! 
 (Obie Trice) 
 One slug 
 Couldn't snuff young 'cause 
 Goodness gracious 
 Haters stay on his nuts 
 One just like a hood rat chick who was curious 
 Serious 
 Full breast, ready to touch 
 Who's that in the cool blue back 
 With a blue new rag 
 Givin' head while he poppin' the clutch 
 Its true that I had a few 
 Obie rollin' with brews 
 Ain't that annual annually knockin' the boots 
 It's on manual 
 The way I knock 'em outta they shoes 
 Talk a little shit 
 Then they anus'll ooze 
 Talk a little spit on my ding-a-lang 
 Who 
 It's shady 
 You know the name of the crew 
 You know the aim is to bang you 
 In the mansion 
 With a magnum 
 With a night came to the matinee 
 Mad as ?? 
 Obie 
 Came to party 
 You better ask somebody 
 (Nate Dogg- Chorus) 
 Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Oh girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shaddy
 (Intro- talking) 
 {Eminem] 
 Shady, Aftermath 
 (BTOV) {nate dogg] 
 Aye bitch, hey! 
 There she goes shaking that ass on the floor 
 Bumpin and grindin that pole 
 The way she's grindin that pole 
 I think I'm losing control 
 Hey hey Bobby, Bobby, Bobby Creek 
 (Bobby Creek) 
 I'm on the patron 
 In the end I'm gone 
 My eyes ain't clear 
 I'm gone 
 So she hear me wrong 
 I'm kinda in the zone 
 Cause the DJ playin' my song 
 Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known 
 I'm from Atlanta 
 So southern ain't just part of my grammar 
 I can up and cock the hammer 
 For any nigga wid Hammer 
 But I came here to get on goose and tropicana 
 Get loose put some more of my juice 
 In your caboose 
 Sippin everything from white grain 
 To deuce juice 
 With nothin' to gain 
 But my grace and loose tooths 
 Eminem came Obie stat and proof too 
 Bobby creek is in the place 
 The name is snoop too 
 But they might been around 
 My drinks is 10 around 
 I can make her spin around 
 If she keep her dinner down 
 Simmer down 
 We can hit the telly when the fun stops 
 And I'll let you in ya work 
 Come sip on my gum drops 
 Yeah 
 (Nate Dogg) 
 Three to the one from the one to the three 
 I met a bad bitch last night in the D 
 Let me tell you how I made her leave with me 
 Conversation and Hennessey 
 I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top 
 Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em drop 
 If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock 
 And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock 
 Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet 
 It's real easy just follow the beat 
 Don't let that fine girl pass you by 
 Look real close cause strobe lights lie 
 We bout to have a party (turn the music up) 
 Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt) 
 I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
 Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up 
 Some girls they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it 
 I'm lookin' for a girl 
 That will do whatever the fuck 
 I say everyday she be givin' it up 
 (Nate Dogg- Chorus) 
 Shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Oh girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 (Eminem) 
 O' Trice! 
 (Obie Trice) 
 One slug 
 Couldn't snuff young 'cause 
 Goodness gracious 
 Haters stay on his nuts 
 One just like a hood rat chick who was curious 
 Serious 
 Full breast, ready to touch 
 Who's that in the cool blue back 
 With a blue new rag 
 Givin' head while he poppin' the clutch 
 Its true that I had a few 
 Obie rollin' with brews 
 Ain't that annual annually knockin' the boots 
 It's on manual 
 The way I knock 'em outta they shoes 
 Talk a little shit 
 Then they anus'll ooze 
 Talk a little spit on my ding-a-lang 
 Who 
 It's shady 
 You know the name of the crew 
 You know the aim is to bang you 
 In the mansion 
 With a magnum 
 With a night came to the matinee 
 Mathers, nate, Obie 
 Came to party 
 You better ask somebody 
 (Nate Dogg- Chorus) 
 Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Oh girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, 
 Shady
 (Eminem - 4x) 
 I'll shit on you 
 Da da, da da, da da 
 (Eminem) 
 I'll shit on you 
 I will shit on you 
 I'll shit on you 
 Girl you know its true 
 I'll shit on you 
 Bitch or man 
 I'll shit on you 
 I will shit on you 
 (Swifty) 
 I remain fatter than gluttony 
 Taping bombs to the back of record companies 
 Blow them up if they ain't want me 
 The National Guard, they scared to hunt me 
 I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me 
 A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana 
 These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner 
 I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas 
 You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch) 
 It's this lyrical piranha 
 Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama 
 Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom 
 Twist nothin' up like a condom 
 Slap it if you fuckers got a problem 
 When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin' mausoleum 
 Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM 
 Pull in the garage while you screamin 
 Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll Shit On You!) 
 I'll shit on you! 
 Chorus: Eminem 
 I will bajs on you I don't care who you are 
 (I'll shit On You!) 
 I don't give a fuck about you or your car 
 (I'll shit On You!) 
 Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch 
 (I'll shit On You!) 
 Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family 
 (I'll shit On You!) 
 (Bizarre) 
 I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet 
 Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?) 
 Bitch shut your fucking mouth 
 I'ma keep eating till Richard Simmons comes to my house 
 With a chain saw to cut me out 
 My fuckin' wife 
 I haven't had sex since I met her 
 I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter 
 And all women ain't shit 
 Only good for cooking, cleaning 
 And sucking dick and that's it (I said it) 
 I was responsible for killing John Candy 
 I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry 
 I don't give a fuck who you are 
 I'll shit on anybody 
 Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre 
 (Eminem) 
 My adolescent years weren't shit till what I do now 
 I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down 
 The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in 
 The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit in 
 Ignoring the shit how boring it gets 
 When there's no one to hit 
 I don't know when to quit throwing a fit 
 I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me 
 Its they who raised me and say the can take me 
 Its they who legs I brake and make achy 
 Its they who mistake me and make me so angry 
 (I'll Shit On You!) I'll spit on you 
 Start pissing and do the opposite on you 
 You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you 
 Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and 
 Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch 
 On his skit on his last album 
 Pull my pants down and... 
 (Kon Artist) 
 Is Richard Pryor still alive? 
 If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?) 
 Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless 
 Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it 
 Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with 
 Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling 
 My need I stay strangling 
 I don't need your help 
 If you gon' give me the pussy 
 I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll Shit On You!) 
 I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock 
 Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks 
 Buck fifty cross your neck 
 Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest 
 (Kuniva) 
 It's only right I jack your car keys and run 
 Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns 
 For fun, when I'm drunk 
 I'll run a truck through the weed house 
 Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout 
 Put you in chokeholds I learned last week 
 From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep 
 (Hey, hey, hey!) 
 I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl 
 That's like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll Shit On You) 
 So what you hollering and yelling about 
 I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out 
 Niggas get hit with a two piece, "Bling Bling" 
 With a poisonous sting 
 I'm such a violent thing 
 (Eminem) 
 Once I get on two, hits of X 
 My disk slips and disconnects 
 Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck 
 But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects 
 (C'mon, I'll Shit On You!) 
 Over reaction is my only reaction 
 Which only sets off a chain reaction 
 And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action 
 A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten 
 Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters 
 And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools 
 Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too {*Bullets spray*} 
 A lot of people say misoginistic which is true 
 I can't deny it matter of fact I stand by it 
 So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot 
 If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet 
 Boy girl dog woman man child 
 I'll Shit On You! 
 I will shit On You I don't care who you are
 Bang bang I'm back shady 'n' konvict 
 With ma crew d12 I shot 'n' kill kim 
 But before I tell you despoles her body in the bin 
 Bang 1 bang twice 
 Now I'm getting the thrill 
 Of another kill 
 With jimmy 'n' justin 
 I ain't looking for no lustin 
 Niggers don't know what to do with ther back up against the wall so they just start shooting 
 Shit motherfucker I killed the bitch 
 I'm rich she just another bitch 
 Ak47 start to your face 
 This ain't no love race 
 Die bitch die 
 Go to sleep bitch 
 Don't re-awake 
 Don't you see there ain't so snake 
 Its just fred 
 She need to suck some tits to get fed 
 'Cause I still will kill 
 Yo man what's up 
 (Akon) you ok man 
 (Eminem) yer you 
 Dam my phone died 
 Shit look at that pizza pie 
 Shady konvict put the guns away 
 Na I'm shady he a konvict killer 
 Just send me the god dam bill 
 Akon tell us something 
 (Akon) put a bullet in ma gun 
 Pop one in that fake g son 
 Shit the police 
 Shit I shot fired 
 A shot fired 
 (Eminem) run man whatcha do 
 You fired a shot how many 
 (Akon) just 5 shots fired 
 (Akon) 
 I'm going to jail 
 There a couple of cops on ma trail 
 Put the blame on me 
 The dollar bill fall on me 
 I'm a real g 
 I'm like o you are 
 What can I say nigger 
 Eminem is a wigger 
 Straight from 8 mile 
 I'm from the ghetto 
 From smack that to I'm so paid 
 Look at me getting laid 
 Big tittys bouncing 
 Bend over 
 Now die 
 Dre put your gun away 
 I'm going straight dog 
 Where obie trice 
 Me 'n' him have unsettled business 
 From the bushes to snitch 
 To that bitch 
 I'm getting tried of the crime 
 Eminem you got the time 
 To continue with the ryhme 
 Tell the streets our names 
 We are not the same 
 Shady konvict put the guns away 
 Na I'm shady he a konvict killer 
 Just send me the god dam bill 
 Akon tell us something 
 (Akon) put a bullet in ma gun 
 Pop one in that fake g son 
 Shit the police 
 Shit I shot fired 
 A shot fired 
 (Eminem) run man whatcha do 
 You fired a shot how many 
 (Akon) just 5 shots fired 
 You are gonna go down for this 
 I think this bitch is taking the piss 
 Never loved 'em or ma kids fuck her kiss 
 Let the beat out 
 Whack another track out 
 I'm or the streets 
 Akons on the beat 
 In a police cell take a seat 
 I'm getting shot at here 
 I should be over there 
 With a low rider 
 I'm drunk 
 You're a sunk 
 Lets tackle up 'n' shag 
 Lose your bra 'n' nickers ahha 
 Slim shady is crazy 
 Shady made me 
 Now its time to hang up 
 Better listen up 
 (Akon) I'm a mobster 
 I box you like a boxer 
 What can I say 
 It's my day 
 To collect my pay 
 It's an image 
 Gotta rum 
 (Eminem) where you go of the rails 
 Shit no my face is pail 
 Ah I'm going to jail 
 Amy its tie to go back to re-hab 
 Shady konvict put the guns away 
 Na I'm shady he a konvict killer 
 Just send me the god dam bill 
 Akon tell us something 
 (Akon) put a bullet in ma gun 
 Pop one in that fake g son 
 Shit the police 
 Shit I shot fired 
 A shot fired 
 (Eminem) run man whatcha do 
 You fired a shot how many 
 (Akon) just 5 shots fired
 May I have your attention please 
 Will the Reals Slim Shady plese stand up 
 I repeat, Will the real slim shady please standup 
 Were gonna have a problem here 
 Y'all act like y'all never seen a white person before, 
 Jaws on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door and started whoopin her ass worse than before they first got divorced and started throwin' over furniture, 
 It's the return of the ... oh wait, no way, you're kidding, 
 He didn't just say what I think he did, did he? 
 And dr.dre said... 
 Nothing you idiots dr.dre's dead he 's locked in my basement! 
 Feminist women love Emimem chigg chika Slim Shady I'm sick of him, look at him, walkin' around grabbin his you know what and flippin at you know who, yeah but he's so cute though, 
 Yeah I prolly got a couple'a screws up in my head loose, 
 But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents bedroom, 
 Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but I can't, 
 But its cool for ??tom green?? to hump a moose, 
 My bum is on your lips, 
 My bum is on your lips, 
 An if I'm lucky you might just give it a little kiss, 
 And that's the message we deliver to little kids and expect them not to know what a womans clitoris is, 
 Of course they gonna know wat intercourse is by the time they hit fourth grade the got the discovery channel don't they? 
 We ain't nothin' but mammals, well some of us are cannibals who cut other people open like antelopes 
 But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes, 
 Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope, 
 But if you feel like I feel I've got the antidote, women wear your pantyhose, sing the chorus an it goes. 
 I'm slim shady yes I'm the real shady, all the other slim shady's are just imatating, so won't the real slim shady please stand up, 
 Please stand up, please stand up, 
 I'm like a headtrip to listen, 'cause I'm only givin' you things that you joke about with your friends inside your living room, 
 The only difference is I got the balls to say in front of y'all an I don't gotta be short or sugar-coated at all, 
 I jus get on the mike an spit it an whether you like to admit it,*riit* I jus shit it better than ninety percent of you rappers out there, 
 And you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like valiums, its funny, 
 'Cause at the rate I'm goin' when I'm thirty, I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirtin, pinchin nurses asses while I'm jackin off jerkin the gherkin and this whole bag of viagra isn't workin, 
 An every single person is a slim shady lurkin who could be workin at burger king, spittin' on your onion rings, *** through the parkin lot circling screamin I don't give a fuck, with his windows down and his system up 
 So would the real slim shady please stand up, and put one of those fingers on each hand up, an be proud to be outta your mind, an outta control, and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 
 M slim shady yes I'm the real shady...
 Never had a dog just infatuated with goats 
 Was a virgin till I stuffed my cock in one of their throats 
 But billy goat had a thang 
 For sucking my wang 
 And I could hold on to his horns 
 When I decided to bang him 
 I tried to threesome once with sheep 
 But their holes were not deep 
 Lambchop was too fuckin' shallow so I said 
 "Bitch can't you see you're not the one for me 
 And it's true that I will never love you" 
 And I feel it's part of my obligation to fulfill 
 The fantasies of a goat and to make his dreams come real 
 No hesitation ain't no problem for me to get laid 
 And I feel safe fucking goats because I know I won't get aids 
 If you can catch it-screw it 
 If it feels good do it 
 Being fashionable will leave it full of jizz 
 So make him suck until you're empty 
 If you tempt me I'll push goat pussy 
 And I'll give that lil goat pecker a good squeeze
 (Feat. 2 Pac) 
 (2Pac) 
 So what I'm gonna do, hopefully, is, I wanna be... 
 I-I don't wanna be I +am+, Tupac Shakur 
 {*Vocal scratch: "guess who's back" - 4X*} 
 (2Pac - repeat 4X) 
 Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier 
 Everywhere I see, a soldier like me 
 (2Pac) 
 Posse deep as I roll through the streets 
 Motherfuck the police as we creep in our Jeeps 
 Layin so low you'd think I'm asleep 
 But at the slightest beef I'm robbin niggaz of they teeth 
 And OPD can get the dick if they play toughy 
 Last time them niggaz rushed me I ain't bust but now I'm touched 
 Trust me, ain't nuttin jumpin' but these buckshots 
 A nigga's got enough knocks, I'm poppin' at corrupt cops {*pow*} 
 Them motherfuckers catch a hot one 
 You wanted to start a problem now you coward cops have got one 
 And there's no prison that can hold ya 
 Motherfuck a soldier ready to roll or take control 
 So now I jack 'em while they sleepin' 
 Roll to the door, throw a grenade in the precinct {*pin, explosion*} 
 Some people panic, brothers bugged out 
 I had to keep poppin' cause there's no stoppin' till they rubbed out 
 And they vest don't protect from the head wounds 
 Reload ammunitions and them bitches will be dead soon {*boom*} 
 Smoke risin' from the barrel of my shotty 
 I finally got revenge now count the bodies 
 Twenty cops, one for every year in jail 
 Tryin' to keep a nigga down but you failed 
 Before I let you take me, I told ya 
 Fuck bein trapped, I'm a soldier 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 I betcha that's how I got some things you ain't got 
 That's called courage, and it don't come 
 From no flick or bottle, it ain't scotch 
 It's not bourbon, I don't walk around 
 Like no G cause that ain't me 
 I'm not that person, I don't try 
 To act like you do cause that ain't you 
 You just burpin, you ain't 
 (2Pac) 
 2Pac in the mad bitch 
 In the six-fo' rag on them thangs, that's a bad bitch 
 Gettin' ghost on them bitches in the town 
 Bustin' out the back seat nigga when we clown 
 Homey is you down? D got the strap and she anxious {*click*} 
 Hurry up 'fore she spank shit {*tires peeling*} 
 Comin' 'round the corner spittin' rounds, they can't hold me down 
 Caught them sucker-ass bitches outta bounds 
 Now tell me how that sound, a double date laced with hate 
 Make 'em pray for the judgment day 
 Now tell me how that sound, a double date laced with hate 
 Make 'em pray for the judgment day - stinkin beotch! 
 [2Pac] 2Pac 
 (2Pac - repeat 4X) 
 Everywhere I see, a soldier, a soldier 
 Everywhere I see, a soldier like me
 Sometimes 
 Aight listen '. Sometimes you've got to turn the beat up 'cause its sick 
 Listen ' fuck it, just let me spit'. 
 Yow 
 Here goes '. 
 Sometimes I feel like hurting the people who hurted me 
 Or even murder them, see 
 Am a renegade, revenge is what I need 
 Am not the type who smokes weed to impress 
 I would smoke it 'cause am depressed 
 But I don't need drugs to make new friends 
 Like all the rest of you fagots think 
 Sometimes am starting to scrabble shit 
 But just can't finish it of 
 And when it looks ready am trying to spit it 
 But keep forgetting the words 
 Sometimes we've got to see the difference between 
 Real life and music and what's on our mind 
 Sometimes we've got to leave the misery behind 
 And read between the lines 
 Sometimes we even got to drive trough red lights 
 And kill mic's we might wanna answer some questions right 
 Sometimes when am alone am starting to think 
 Why do I even exist I've got nothing to bring 
 And in class am the weakest link and then am starting to sing 
 But I want y'all people to realize and starting to see 
 That somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me 
 Sometimes when am alone I feel like quitting this life 
 But then I realize that it ain't right 
 Some shit reminds me of the dad I never had 
 Why do I keep running from what I needed so bad 
 Sometimes I think life's a game 
 And everybody's a player who got 
 Something to bring or something to say 
 We got prayers, cops, waitresses even snobs 
 Who stink in there jobs but still get paid a lot 
 Sometimes life's fucked up'. 
 Sometimes we've got to see the difference between 
 Real life and music and what's on our mind 
 Sometimes we've got to leave the misery behind 
 And read between the lines 
 Sometimes we even got to drive trough red lights 
 And kill mic's we might wanna answer some questions right
 (Dido) 
 My tea's gone cold. I'm wondering why 
 I got out of bed at all. 
 The morning rain clouds up my window, 
 But I can't see at all. 
 Even if I could, it'd all be grey, 
 But you're picture on my wall. 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, not so bad. 
 (Eminem as Stan) 
 Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'. 
 I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom. 
 I sent two letters back in autumn; you must not-a got 'em. 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'. 
 Sometimes, I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em, 
 But anyways, F- it. What's been up, man? How's you're daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm about to be a father. 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
 I'ma name her Bonnie. 
 I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too. I'm sorry. 
 I had a friend kill himself over some chick who didn't want him. 
 I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan. 
 I even got the underground stuff you did with Scam. 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man. 
 I like the stuff you did with Ruckus, too. That guy was fat. 
 Anyways, I hope you get this, man. Hit me back, just to chat. 
 Truly yours, your biggest fan. 
 This is Stan. 
 Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote. I hope you get a chance. 
 I ain't mad. I just think it's SCREWED UP that you don't answer fans. 
 If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew. 
 He's my little brother, man. He's only six years old. 
 We waited in the blistering cold for you. 
 4 hours and you just said "No". 
 That's pretty crummy, man. You're like his favorite idol. 
 He wants to be just like you, man. He likes you more than I do. 
 I ain't that mad, though. I just don't like being lied to. 
 Remember when we met back in Denver, you said if I write you 
 You'd write back. See, I'm just like you in a way. 
 I never knew my father, neither. 
 He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her. 
 I can relate to what you're saying in your songs, 
 So when I have a crummy day, I drift away and put 'em on 
 'Cause I don't really got nothin' else 
 So that stuff helps when I'm depressed. 
 I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest. 
 Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds. 
 It's like adrenaline. The pain is such a sudden rush for me. 
 See, everything you say is real, and I respect it cause you tell it. 
 My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7, 
 But she don't know you like I know you, Slim. No one does. 
 She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up. 
 You gotta call me, man. I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose. 
 Sincerely yours, Stan 
 P.S. We should be together, too. 
 Dear Mr I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans, 
 This'll be the last package I ever send your @$$. 
 It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it? 
 I know you got my last two letters. 
 I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect. 
 So this is my cassette I'm sending you. I hope you hear it. 
 I'm in the car right now. I'm doing 90 on the freeway. 
 Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka. You dare me to drive? 
 You know that song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" 
 About that guy that coulda saved that other guy from drowning, 
 But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then later at a show he found 'em? That's kinda how this is. You coulda saved me from drowning. 
 Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers, now. I'm drowsy' and all I wanted was a lousy 
 Letter or a call. 
 I hope you know I ripped ALL you're pictures off the wall. 
 I love you, Slim. We coulda been together; think about it. 
 You've ruined it, now. I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it 
 And when you dream, I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it. 
 I hope you're conscience EATS at you and you can't BREATHE without me! 
 See Slim,(backround screaming) Shut up, slut! I'm tryin' to talk! 
 Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk, 
 But I didn't slit her throat. I just tied her up. See I ain't like you 'cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, then she'll die too. 
 Well, gotta go. I'm almost at the bridge, now. 
 Oh shoot, I forgot. How'm I supposed to send this tape out?! 
 (Car tires squeal, CRASH, a brief silence, A LOUD splash) 
 (Eminem as Slim Shady) 
 Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy 
 You said you're girlfriend's pregnant, now. How far along is she? 
 Look, I'm really flattered you'd call you're daughter that. 
 And here's an autograph for Matthew. I wrote it on the Starter cap. 
 I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show. I musta missed you. 
 Don't think I did that stuff intenionally just to diss you. 
 But what's this you said about you like to cut you're wrists, too? 
 I say that stuff just clownin', dogg. C'mon, how messed up is you? 
 You got some issues, Stan. I think you need some councelin' 
 To help your butt from bouncin' off the walls when you get down some. 
 And what's this about us meant to be together? 
 That type of junk will make me not want us to meet each other. 
 I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
 Or maybe you just need to treat her better. 
 I hope you get to read this letter. I just hope it reaches you in time before you hurt yourself. I think you'll be doin' just fine 
 If you relax a little. I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan, 
 Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan. 
 I just don't want you to do some crazy stuff. 
 I saw this one thing on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick. 
 Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid. 
 And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to. 
 Come to think about it. His name was... It was you. 
 DAMN!
 Step right up 
 Am about ta light up the sky line 
 So bright am gonna 
 Fuck ya whole night up 
 Light up ya glow sticks 
 And go stick the stick 
 In ya ass 
 This is the ghost of christmas past 
 This is the host ya surpose 
 To kiss his ass 
 This is grose but listen close 
 If you don't you can go 
 And stick ya whole frickin nose 
 Againsgt this comparity 
 And let one go 
 And blows ya wiskers bk 
 And get a great big whole wiff 
 And if ya last without passin out 
 You'd be on the next episode 
 Of fear factor yeah am back ta 
 Back to what? I don't know 
 Smack a little childs actors butt 
 Mick jackson what? 
 What the fuck you want? 
 I've got a punt and some jesue juice 
 Who needs an excuse theses days 
 The way they rally around pedophiles 
 Ya lucky I don't pee in ya face 
 I can do anything and apoligise for it later 
 And along as it anit a rasict tape 
 From 88 then am straight up 
 That can not be forgave 
 If a drank pee for 18 years straight 
 And eat shit everyday with? porksmen? plate 
 That was shape like a toliet with a fork 'n' steak knife 
 For the rest of my life I had to watch my Ex-wife 
 Get fucked by vanilla ice twice a day 
 'Cause I said. I GDA when I was a teenager 
 Bllaaa blaaa straight up oragie 5 shortys 
 Let me get your number baby 
 Maybe I can hump your leg are somthing 
 But it's time for me to go 
 So I stoped and jumped in the vechile
 (Eminem) 
 *Talking gibberish* 
 "Translation" 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit, 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote so suck my dick. 
 Two pills I pop till my pupils swell up like two pennies 
 I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties 
 A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass 
 So the rats can't chew trough the last pants 
 I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightnin' 
 Frightened with 5 little white Vicadin Pills bitin' him 
 I'm like a fuckin' was in the hospital lost 
 Stingin' the fuck outta everything I came across in the halls 
 I light a candle and place it up on a mantle 
 Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin' handle 
 So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin' 
 [Swifty]it's just to late 
 [Eminem]Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains 
 (Swifty McBay) 
 I'm an instigator, 380 slug pentrator 
 Degrading, creating murders to kill haters 
 Accused for every crime known through the equator 
 They knew I did it, for having blood on my gators 
 My weed'll hit you're chest like a double barrel gauge 
 I'm like a black grenade, that'll blow up in you're face 
 With a fifth of me, when I guzzle Remi, I do shit on purpose 
 You never hear me say "forgive me" 
 I'm snatching every penny 
 I gotta be that way nigga, face it 
 That weed I sold to you brigade laced it 
 You high and I make the president get a facelift 
 Niggas just afraid, handing me their bracelets 
 Chilling in the lab, wasted 
 I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and Gin-throw up on the mic 
 Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site 
 And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight 
 (Eminem) 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit, 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick. 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit, 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick 
 (Bizarre) 
 I'm a compulsive lier, setting my preacher on fire 
 Slash you're tires, flyin' down Fenkel and Meyers 
 Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired 
 Jackin' my dick off in the bed of barb wire 
 (Hey, is Bizarre performing?) 
 Bitch can't you read the flyer? 
 Special invited guest would be Richard Pryor 
 (Aren't you a male dancer?) 
 Nah bitch, I'm retired 
 Fuckin' you're bitch in the ass with a tire iron 
 I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip 
 My DJ's in a coma for lettin' the record skip 
 Lettin' the record skip 
 Lettin' the record skip 
 (Damn!) 
 *DJ's schratching* 
 I'm fuckin' everything when I'm snortin' 
 It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my Pit Bull an abortion 
 Some bitch asked for my autograph 
 I called her a hore, spit beer in her face and laughed 
 I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam 
 All bitches ares hoes, even my stinkin' mom 
 (Kuniva) 
 Ay-yo flashback,2 seats,2 deep up in that ass crack 
 Weed laced with somethin', nigga pass that 
 In Amsterdam we only hang out with that hasj rats 
 At a 'Stop The Violence' rally I blast gats 
 Be you're momma publishin', get you're ass capped 
 The Kuniva, divide up you're cash stack 
 Raid you're motherfuckin' pockets, ASAP 
 I don't need a platinum chain bitch, I snatched Shaq's 
 Born loser, half thief and half black 
 Bring you're boys and you're guns and get laughed at 
 Bitch smacker, rich rapper and their Jag's jacked 
 And find chupped up in a trash bag 
 (Dirty Harry) 
 Strangling rappers to the point they can't yell 
 Cause their crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales 
 Wreckless, come from behind and snatch you're necklace 
 Gruesome, and causin' more violence than 9 hoodlums 
 I grapple you're adam's apple until it crackle 
 Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you 
 Get executed, 'cause I'm a loony 
 I got a yuck mouth and it's polluted 
 I cock it back and shoot it 
 I love snatching up players, thugs and young ballas 
 Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers 
 Brigades barricade to bring the noise 
 While the bullets break up you're bones like Christmas Toys 
 If a go solo, I'm doing a song with polo 
 A big Chinese nigga, screaming yo, yo! 
 I leave ya face leakin' 
 Run up in church and smack the preacher while he's preachin' 
 Take a swing at the deacon 
 (The Kon Artis) 
 I used to tell cats I sold weed and weights 
 I was straight until I got caught sellin' them shaped 
 I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch you're rent 
 I got kicked out of summer camp for havin' sex in my tent 
 With the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order 
 I've bin a con artist since I was swimmin' in water 
 In Cahoots with this nigga called Fall Out Von 
 Who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb (special delivery) 
 I signed to a local label for fun 
 Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run 
 Ride by you in the rain while you carry you're son 
 Call you house and hang up on you for not givin' me none 
 Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun 
 Got a reputation for havin' niggas run up they funds 
 Used to be the type of nigga that was full of someone's 
 Till I met you're fat mama, now I'm rollin' in dough 
 (Eminem) 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit, 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick. 
 'Cause I don't giva a fuck if you don't like my shit, 
 'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick. 
 (Eminem) 
 Suck my motherfuckin' dick 
 D-12 
 Dirty motherfuckin' Dozen 
 Nasty like a stank slut bitch with 30 fuckin' husbands 
 Bizarre Kid 
 Swifty McBay 
 The Kon Artis 
 The Kuniva 
 Dirty Harry 
 Haha, and Slim Shady
 Future: 
 Well Jimmy moved in with his mother 
 'Cause he ain't got no place to go 
 Eminem: 
 And now I'm right back in the gutter 
 With a garbage bag that's full of clothes 
 Future: 
 'Cause you live at home in a trailer 
 What the hell you gonna do? 
 Eminem: 
 'Cause I live at home in a trailer 
 Mom I'm coming home to you 
 Well my name's Jimmy and his name's Greg Buel 
 And me, him 'n' you went to the same school. 
 This ain't cool, I'm in a rage, he tappin' my mom 
 We're almost the same age. 
 On the microphone I drop bombs 
 Look at this car, thanks a lot moms! 
 "Here, happy birthday, Rabbit, 
 Here's a brand new car, you can have it." 
 A 1928 Delta. This shit won't even get me to the shelter. 
 And I can't even stand for a motel. 
 'Cause I'm back in the 8-1-0 now. 
 'Cause I live at home in a trailer, 
 Mom I'm comin' home to you...
 (Eminem) 
 If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it 
 Then so be it 
 Cause nowadays these kids, jeez 
 Don't give a shit bout lyrics 
 All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it 
 Long as they can go to the club and get blitz 
 Pick up some chicks and get some digits 
 And the DJ's playing them hits 
 Oh this my jam, this my sh-t 
 We don't know a word to a verse, 
 All we know is the chorus 
 Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us 
 And the songs ginormous, the whole formula's switched 
 'Cause we don't know anymore, what are hits 
 Is it the beat, is it the rap 
 Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap 
 And how do we adapt and get TRL votes 
 When 13 year olds control the remote 
 And Ashley's got a brand new nose 
 We gotta put some new em-phasis on our syllables 
 (Jay-Z) 
 If the emphasis on the compact disc isn't the beat 
 Than I'm gon feature EM and get rich 
 And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro 
 Cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow 
 Bang bang look at the way my chain glow 
 The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough, oh 
 The f-ck am I busting my brain for? 
 Its just the way the game go, oh, it takes 2 to tango 
 You call this a lame flow 
 You bought the shit 
 I guess you to blame too 
 I just found the angle 
 No more reality flow 
 I'm tryna time my album dropping with a reality show 
 Cock the Mac 11 in front of Hot 97 
 And call my publicist tell her we impressed heaven 
 No one gives a shit except some kids who just got into sex on the internet 
 So you want the chat room or the house of Malibu Em? 
 Your emphasis is on the wrong Syllable 
 (Dr Dre) 
 They said 30's the new 20 
 Funny, must mean 40's the new 30 
 Interesting cause ever since then it's been innocence 
 An extension for veteran rappers that are better than half 
 Of the shit coming out right now 
 It's all trash 
 The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed 
 Jay said it's his last and 50 and Em 
 Then what? Detox drops what we got then 
 So now our whole camps is running around scrambling over what to do 
 Gambling every time we put a record out 
 Just looking for that hook 
 (Eminem) 
 (Wait Dre look) 
 Shorty I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be cause shorty 
 You love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I'll be true to you 
 (50 Cent) 
 Go shorty, it's your birthday 
 You made it just in time to hear my wordplay 
 It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's 
 And run G for days used to see how I get hoes 
 I'm international, I get my dick licked round the globe 
 I'm sick right into show, riding on lolo's 
 Puffing on coco, my bitch in Manolo's 
 Don't f-ck with the dodo's, I sling for dumb hoes 
 I playing, I ain't got time to joke, joke 
 You f-ck around, you could get your ass smoked 
 Look, it's not a game, me B, I ain't playing 
 Beep behind me player, so you here anyway 
 You don't hear what I'm saying 
 Me fin-nini-na 
 Fee-fi-dididee-yay 
 Just give me my check and I'll be on my way 
 Sunny bunny money and funny 
 You ain't even listening and I just took your money 
 (Stat Quo) 
 There once was a time everywhere he turned 
 Shady aftermath was all ya heard 
 But they say 50 sang too much 
 And Em got soft 
 And they say Dre just fell the f-ck off 
 Well f-ck the f-ck offs 
 All y'all eat soft, be mad, we bad fresh up outta the vault, oh! 
 New syllables eat ball, ya f-cks off's 
 Your house, your bitch I'm getting sucked off 
 East, south, midwest, even up north 
 Falling victim to wax, spitting, bring out the white chalk 
 All for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost 
 Catch me if you can, I'm running past while y'all walk 
 (Ca$hi$) 
 Shady made me for bringing it back 
 For the history of rap 
 It's gone with a snap, a sneer and a clap 
 What happened to just spittin' about living in the muthaf-cking city you at 
 In the grimiest condition, I breath in drama 
 King Mathers and Cash me, that's freak karma 
 I'm everything, anything, you could never be 
 It's a hitting, rhyme in the month deep 
 I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind 
 I repeat every evil deed done of mine 
 No rest contest, contract to sign 
 By blood I'm in this squad for life 
 Hear out my wind pipes and I just chime 
 I'm the reason you guys won't say that line 
 I'm crazy renegade like Em and Jay-Z 
 I'm Rosemary's baby 
 (Eminem) 
 Shorty I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be cause shorty 
 You love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I'll be true to you 
 (Talking) 
 It is not about lyrics anymore, 
 It is not about lyrics anymore 
 Its about a hot beat, a hot beat 
 Its about a hot beat, a hot beat 
 A hot hot hot beat 
 And a catchy hook 
 A hot hot hot beat 
 And a catchy hook 
 Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, sillyle-ables, whatever they are 
 I don't care if you gotta rhyme smo, joe, toe and glow 
 Now get out there and sell some God-damn records
 (Verse 1 - Eminem) 
 If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it 
 Then so be it 
 'Cause nowadays these kids, jeez 
 Don't give a shit about lyrics 
 All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it 
 Long as they can go to the club and get blitz 
 Pick up some chicks and get some digits 
 And the DJ's playing them hits 
 Oh this my jam, this my shit 
 We don't know a word to a verse 
 All we know is the chorus 
 'Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us 
 And the songs ginormous, the whole formula's switched 
 'Cause we don't know anymore, what are hits 
 Is it the beat? Is it the rap 
 Is it a finger snap? Or the same 808 clap 
 And how do we adapt and get TRL votes 
 When 13 year olds control the remote 
 And Ashley's got a brand new nose 
 We gotta put some new em-phasis on our syllables 
 (Verse 2 - Jay-Z) 
 If the emphasis on the compact disc isn't the beat 
 Than I'm gon' feature Em and get rich 
 And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro' 
 'Cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow 
 Bang bang look at the way my chain glow 
 The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough, oh 
 The fuck am I busting my brain for? 
 It's just the way the game go, oh, it takes two to tango 
 You call this a lame flow 
 You bought the shit 
 I guess you to blame too 
 I just found the angle 
 No more reality flow 
 I'm tryna time my album dropping with a reality show 
 Cock the MAC-11 in front of Hot 97 
 And call my publicist tell her we impressed heaven 
 No one gives a shit 
 Except some kids who just got into sex on the Internet 
 So you want the chat room or the house of Malibu Em? 
 Your emphasis is on the wrong syllable 
 (Verse 3 - Dr. Dre) 
 They said 30s the new 20 
 Funny, must mean 40s the new 30 
 Interesting, 'cause ever since then it's been in a sence 
 An extension for veteran rappers that are better than half 
 Of the shit coming out right now 
 It's all trash 
 The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed 
 Jay said it's his last, and 50 and Em 
 Then what? Detox drops what we got then 
 So now our whole camps is running around 
 Scrambling over what to do 
 Gambling every time we put a record out 
 Just looking for that hook 
 (Chorus - Eminem) 
 (Wait Dre look!) 
 Shorty I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be 'cause shorty 
 You love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I'll be true to you 
 (Verse 4 - 50 Cent) 
 Go shorty, it's your birthday 
 You made it just in time to hear my wordplay 
 It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's 
 And run G for days used to see how I get hoes 
 I'm international, I get my dick licked around the globe 
 I'm sick right into show, riding on lolo's 
 Puffing on coco, my bitch in Manolo's 
 Don't fuck with the dodo's, I sling for dumb hoes 
 I playing, I ain't got time to joke, joke 
 You fuck around, you could get your ass smoked 
 Look, it's not a game, me B? I ain't playing 
 Beat behind me player, so you here anyway 
 You don't hear what I'm saying 
 Me fin-nini-na 
 Fee-fi-dididee-yay 
 Just give me my check and I'll be on my way 
 Sunny bunny money and funny 
 You ain't even listening and I just took your money 
 (Verse 5 - Stat Quo) 
 There once was a time everywhere he turned 
 Shady Aftermath was all ya heard 
 But they say 50 sang too much 
 And Em got soft 
 And they say Dre just fell the fuck off 
 Well fuck the fuck offs 
 All y'all eat soft, be mad, we bad fresh up outta the vault, oh! 
 New syllables eat ball, ya fucks offs 
 Your house, your bitch I'm getting sucked off 
 East, South, Midwest, even up North 
 Falling victim to wax, spitting, bring out the white chalk 
 All for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost 
 Catch me if you can, I'm running past while y'all walk 
 (Verse 6 - Ca$his) 
 Shady made me for bringing it back 
 For the history of rap 
 It's gone with a snap, a sneer and a clap 
 What happened to just spitting about living in the muthafucking city you at? 
 In the grimiest condition, I breath in drama 
 King Mathers and Cash me, that's freak karma 
 I'm everything, anything, you could never be 
 It's a hitting, rhyme in the month deep 
 I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind 
 I repeat every evil deed done of mine 
 No rest contest, contract to sign 
 By blood I'm in this squad for life 
 Hear out my wind pipes and I just chime 
 I'm the reason you guys won't say that line 
 I'm crazy renegade like Em and Jay-Z 
 I'm Rosemary's baby 
 (Eminem Talking) 
 It is not about lyrics anymore 
 It is not about lyrics anymore 
 It's about a hot beat, a hot beat 
 It's about a hot beat, a hot beat 
 A hot hot hot beat 
 And a catchy hook 
 A hot hot hot beat 
 And a catchy hook 
 Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, sillyle-ables, whatever they are 
 I don't care if you gotta rhyme Smo, Joe, toe and glow 
 Now get out there and sell some goddamn records
 Hook - Claret Jai: 
 Is everything not enough? 
 What more can I give up? 
 Is there anyone that I can trust? 
 I give you my all and you still take from me. 
 Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9": 
 Always been the type of dude that'll feed my clique 
 I know that without the fans, I ain't shit 
 But y'all better read my lips 
 I don't spit raps this ill, for you to just hack and steal 
 And leak my shit, so peep my drift 
 I hope y'all don't think you're helping me out with that shit 
 That shit stressin' me out 
 Nickel nine is blowin' up 
 Christmas time, you should hang my album on top of your fireplace 
 Cause around that time, my stocking's goin' UP 
 Feels like a victory, bittersweet, cause the bigger I get? 
 The bigger the wedge, between the relationship of me and my bigger bro 
 Hear what I said? 
 Feels like the shit just switched on me 
 Everything I do for the nigga, and the nigga know 
 I would do anything for him, but the nigga refuse 
 To just quit straight shittin' on me 
 Keepin' your distance? Probably best if you don't wanna fuck with me 
 But you know me probably best, fuck pity 
 You want that? You know it's like ?. chest 
 Tough titty, the problems, you gotta problem, you think I'm already set 
 So I'mma look down on you? Just be proud of me 
 You already got my respect 
 I ain't gonna say something I regret 
 So I'mma just STOP, chasing the pain 
 Let you deal with the fact we don't get along 'cause I got a big face in the game 
 Sometimes I feel like fuck my life 
 I fuck with a few niggas that I know that if my chick was a Shady ho? 
 Niggas wouldn't think twice before they fuck my wife 
 Guess that's the difference in friends and associates 
 I done been broke, I done been through the motions 
 I don't pay no attention to birds 
 I use my scope to tend to the vultures 
 No one ever blows up ..?.. talk 
 I don't make money just to lone it to y'all 
 Tell a nigga that the new album is like ??? is like talking to a hole in the wall 
 ..?..These niggas expensive 
 If I need to loan you money every time I see you just to be your friend? 
 I don't need your friendship 
 Hook - Claret Jai: 
 Is everything not enough? 
 What more can I give up? 
 Is there anyone that I can trust? 
 I give you my all and you still take from me. 
 And I give, and I give 
 And you take, and you take 
 And you just walk away without nothing to say 
 And I give you my all and you just take from me (ay ay) x2 
 Verse 2 - Eminem: 
 I live in a bubble, I struggle with the fame 
 Trouble as the pain grows double, give a fuck what you say 
 When my music you take so subtle, just to give it away 
 To people who don't even appreciate flows, motherfucker, I'm living today 
 'Cause I break my back to give you my art, you steal my thoughts 
 It's like driving a spike through my heart 
 You might think it's not that big of a deal to steal from me 
 But music is all I got 
 Aside from my daughters, not trying to sound like a martyr 
 But it's getting harder than I thought 
 To not just go crazy, trapped in this house, I'm about to just snap 
 And I might not deserve it but I got to, did I not work for it? 
 Put it all in every record I rip for 
 When the? 
 But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb like many think 
 So fuck them 
 They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they say it was ill, right? 
 The way I kill mics? But the way I feel right now? 
 It just feels like I'm so done with this shit I might as well wipe 
 I have nothing else to give you, nothing left to contribute 
 Farewell I bid you, but before I go, my last gift to you 
 Ladies and gentleman, Slaughterhouse I give you! 
 Is everything not enough? 
 What more can I give up? 
 Is there anyone that I can trust? 
 I give you my all and you still take from me. 
 And I give, and I give 
 And you take, and you take 
 And you just walk away without nothing to say 
 And I give you my all and you just take from me (ay ay) x2
 Uh, Zee 
 I got waiting haze, my customers ho's, sleep with me 
 We have small beef, I still sell them O's for three fifty 
 They know in big beef, I pop a hundred times 
 Be like roadkill, I live nigga's brains on one and nines 
 And my down bitches, they be ready to kill 
 I be like chill, they be like 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, uh huh, I'm from the Bricks, we be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, Young Zee, all my niggas from the hood, they be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, B-Boy, you my nigga, talk to 'em) 
 Yo, I don't give a fuck if we don't sell a record 
 We still gon' get this money in the Bricks 
 Spill it, Zee 
 Yeah, uh, yeah, yeah 
 I'm like Santa Claus, I deliver niggas grams a raw 
 Straight from Panama, fiends eat it up like canavaugh 
 And my dimes disappear like magic wands 
 I sell 'em 'til the crack of dawn and destroy every track I'm on 
 Plus I have a clam packed in the back of vans 
 More royal than the Taliban murk you for a half a gram 
 (What?) 
 I get B-Boy to drop your truck in the river 
 Fuck some dough, we be like 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, uh huh, I'm from the Bricks, we be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, Young Zee, all my niggas from the hood, they be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, B-Boy, you my nigga, talk to 'em) 
 Yeah, jeah, uh-huh-ha, yeah 
 Scarecrow 
 (What?) 
 I'm trying to walk before I crawl 
 I want it all ever since I came out of my mama's walls 
 I'm trying to make so much dough when I write a song 
 I can write 'em all, why y'all clique on the corner selling final calls 
 Yeah, niggas mad at us, gladiators like Maximas, we fabulous 
 While you fall off like Canibus's managers 
 My man Dee U, keep the nina peelin' 
 (Point 'em out and watch me) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, uh huh, I'm from the Bricks, we be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, Young Zee, all my niggas from the hood, they be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, B-Boy, you my nigga, talk to 'em) 
 Zee need Buddha, E-user, beef pre Lugers 
 Spittin' from our PT cruisers 
 My tape don't drop, I still got dough to make 
 Got little niggas on roller skates holding my coke and weight 
 Blow paper, ho chaser, dough raiser, Joe Fraizer 
 Sixteen cellys and four pagers 
 Go hype up your squad that they might fuck with ours 
 I just light up cigars, go by bikes, trucks and cars 
 I got (unverified) in Atlanta deep 'round the street, ten grand a week 
 I give 'em one word to put your man to sleep 
 And I love my Jersey live bitches 
 They'll leave a nigga face with thirty five stitches 
 They'll help my tie cinder blocks and push your kids 
 So deep in the ocean, they'll see where octopuses live 
 Jeah, this label deal is for Raz, Pace and Chill 
 I know mad chicks but still 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, uh huh, I'm from the Bricks, we be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, Young Zee, all my niggas from the hood, they be like) 
 That's my nigga for real 
 (Yeah, B-Boy, you my nigga, talk to 'em) 
 What, Bricks 
 (Bricks, Bricks)
 Chorus: Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches know as soon as they saw me It's never me to get the privilege to know 'em I roll like a desperado, now I never know where I'm gonna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow good nights it's over and that's all she wrote 
 1st Verse: Your staring straight into a barrel of hate Terrible fate, Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape Cupid shot his arrow and missed Wait Sarah you're late, your train left. Mascara and eggs smeared on your face Nights over goodbye, hoe I thought that I told ya' the spilled nut ain't nothing to cry over Never shoulda' came within Range of my Rover Shoulda' known I was trouble soon as I rolled up, Any chick who's dumb enough out there I blind fold her, She still comes back to my crib, Must want me to mess with her mind hold up. She must've took me for some high roller. But I won't buy her a soda Unless it's rock 'n' roll cola. Buy u a bag of fritos I wouldn't let you eat the fucking chip on my shoulder. If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't dye for ya Tryna pull 5 bucks from me is like tryna pulling 5 molars You get your eyes swole up I'm on my straight grizzly So why would I buy you a gayass teddy bear, bitch you're already bi-polar 
 2nd Verse: Man TIP told me on this hoe tip, best tip I could give you to hip you Never let these traits trick you Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love slut, shit Dig you a hole, take the shovel and dig you some dignity bitch Shit you talk about some adivce that sticks with you If I should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns Like double stick, it's you but fuck 'em TIP, its cold Its chilling like and feeling like the penguin in it's fucking igloo eating fudgesicles I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you Before I tie a fucking knot I'd tie you in one bitch You think this is some Nintendo game how f-cking dumb is you I'll give you some mumps before I split some lump somes with you So here's a penny for your thoughts But it won't buy you a chesseburger, although a nickel might just get you one pickle Fuck it, its official so blow the whistle I got a trust issue That's a bombshell, scud missile! I got this cuss at you to fucking cuss at you Like before I rap there was some motherfucking stud Slut, this will teach you not to come drunk, stumbling my way fo shizzle I still live like I bought you the Gilbert slot checks stob bizzle So fuck sissors these checkers are bust like a blood blister 
 3rd Verse: I guess life is a bitch ain't it tip And each one thinks they the shit Shirt off my back? I wouldn't give you the dirt off my hankercheif I'm giving these hoes a dose of there own medicine Let 'em get a good taste of it I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now, But in case you didn't Imma stick this whole pad full of sticky notes to your forehead and staple it Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wasting it So I pace this shit a little bit quicker That clock I'm racing and double timing it But I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time It may take you pricks to catch on While you strong arm like Stretch Armstrong Man I still say K-mart like there's an apostrophe "S" on it dog And they say McDonalds isn't a restaurant well I guess I'm wrong But if you gon tell me that the A&W ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the "F" on dawg
 Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might 
 Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write 
 Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' with real life 
 Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics 
 And show these people what my level of skill's like 
 But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life 
 Somethin' ain't right, hit the brake lights 
 Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like 
 Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault 
 Great then I falls, my insides crawl 
 And I clam up (wham) I just slam shut 
 I just can't do it, my whole manhood's 
 Just been stripped, I have just been vicked 
 So I must then get off the bus then split 
 Man fuck this shit yo, I'm goin' the fuck home 
 World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road 
 I'm walkin' these train tracks, tryin' to regain back 
 The spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap 
 To the same plant, and the same pants 
 Tryin' to chase rap, gotta move ASAP 
 And get a new plan, momma's got a new man 
 Poor little baby sister, she don't understand 
 Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad 
 And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand 
 While she colors her big brother and mother and dad 
 Ain't no tellin' what really goes on in her little head 
 Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had 
 But I keep runnin' from somethin' I never wanted so bad! 
 Sometimes I get upset, 'cause I ain't blew up yet 
 It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet 
 Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep 
 The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin' to do what's best 
 And I try, sit alone and I cry 
 Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by 
 That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God 
 Please don't let me pigeon holed in no regular job 
 Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are 
 Yo I'm tellin' you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow 
 Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye 
 Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far 
 But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know 
 And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow 
 On everything I own, I'll make it on my own 
 Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road 
 You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it 
 Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest 
 To be walkin' this borderline of Detroit city limits 
 It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate 
 Of authenticity, you'd never even see 
 But it's everything to me, it's my credibility 
 You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC 
 Who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me 
 But yet I'm still unsigned, havin' a rough time 
 Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes 
 Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline 
 But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go 
 Who must I show, to bust my flow 
 Where must I go, who must I know 
 Or am I just another crab in the bucket 
 'Cause I ain't havin' no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck it 
 Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit 
 I'm feelin' a little skeptical who I hang out with 
 I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit 
 At the Salvation Army tryin' to salvage an outfit 
 And it's cold, tryin' to travel this road 
 Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode 
 My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want 
 Is pity from no one, the city is no fun 
 There is no sun, and it's so dark 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart 
 From each one of my limbs, by each on of my friends 
 It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin 
 Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not 
 What I'm doin' I just blow, my head is a stove top 
 I just explode, the kettle gets so hot 
 Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got 
 But I've learned, it's time for me to you-turn 
 Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned 
 Ain't no fallin' no next time I meet a new girl 
 I can no longer play stupid or be immature 
 I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage 
 Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words 
 Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge 
 Suddenly a new burst of energy is occurred 
 Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third 
 I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird 
 Then I turn and cross over the median curb 
 Hit the 'burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back 
 (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
 I'm a little nutty and I know it 
 But if you go back and take a look at my history 
 You will see that I'm not the only one who's off his rocker 
 There were many before me 
 I was always labelled the black sheep of the family 
 What a bad seed I grow to be 
 But if you take a look at us now 
 You'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree 
 (Haha) 
 All right, look 
 I'ma tell you the story from my side 
 Maybe you'll understand 
 Check it out 
 You done witnessed unexplainable shit 
 Too insane to explain 
 People run from what the just don't get 
 Maybe shady shoulda just hit 'em with a little bit 
 Did I spit too soon? should I of spoon fed 'em it? 
 But I was just so eager to prove I was even worth 
 Being in the same league or the room with 
 Of the people of whom I was in 
 Every now and then I look up like I was seeking approval 
 Was it because of the pigment of my skin 
 Or was it a figment of my imagination 
 Maybe it bothered me more than it did them 
 Maybe it wasn't a big deal back then 
 But to me it was, see what it was was 
 I had developed the complex from being judged 
 Proof spit his verse, now I'm next, let's see who (?) 
 I'm in the booth staring back to see who's mugs 
 I get a reaction from, usually the first thumb (?) was from proof 
 And the rest of the group backed him up 
 And no one lied to each other cause none of us had deals 
 It was real, we just wanted tickets for that meal 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 I said... 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 Ever since my mother was pregnant 
 With her second egg 'cause she said 
 That I had a baby sister who fell out of the window 
 I was too young to remember 
 Kansas city projects 
 I was like 5, 6, and how come 
 I remember malcolm, isaac, and boogie 
 If it was the projects in missouri? 
 Cause those're my best friends until isaac 
 Took my tricycle and my uncle todd went to try to go get it back 
 And ended up getting jumped and cut in the gut with a switch and 70-some stitches 
 Which is still, to this day 
 Why my mother still tries to show me some old fake picture 
 Of a fictitious little sister who never existed 
 And this is why part of my life's so twisted 
 But I can never be as sick as that bitch is 
 And, by the way, that picture's one of my relatives 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 I said... 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 You probably have to peel back layers upon layers of pain 
 To see why everything I say is so insane 
 What's different about my brain 
 That separates me from other players in this game? 
 On the surface, it may seem like a scheme 
 Or some sort of scam for me to get some damn sympathy 
 But that's the last thing I need is for people 
 To walk around feeling sorry for me (me) 
 And I'm not a g, never claimed to be 
 I gave my vest to cashis, just hope he 
 Don't need it more than me 
 But we'll see, 'cause we ain't lookin' for beef 
 But if it comes our way, what do we, turn the other cheek? 
 Come on 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 I said... 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you gettin', 
 We up on the stage you getting all nervous, 
 Ima get rid of you, 
 Now how you like my service, 
 U see me up here, 
 Devil without a purpose, 
 Please step back, 
 And watch me as I work this, 
 If I had a rating, 
 My style would be perfect, 
 'Cause in the rap game, 
 Everything is worth it, 
 Wherever you go, u have to cause a scene, 
 Ur dirty, u should try the washing machine, 
 All ur clothes are all stained up full of cum, 
 That's why you should wash them, 
 Man ur so dumb, man ur so stoopid, 
 Brain fulla looped-shit, 
 U think ur all romantic, u think ur cupid, 
 U think ur hot, u think ur cute shit, 
 But the thing is, ur just a new kid, 
 I got 130 seconds to spit at ur face, 
 Not too fast though, I gotta keep a steady pace, 
 Ill smack ur face way back to last place, 
 U better try hard, this'll be ur last race, 
 The last guy, shit man I licked him, 
 U better watch out, ur my next victim, 
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you getting, 
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you getting, 
 I'm awesome, I rap with adrenaline, 
 I don't care about this bitch, yeah I'm killin' him, 
 He can't rap worth shit, 
 There's no will in him, 
 Hes eating my words, hope its fillin him, 
 Now listen to wut 
 I instill in him, 
 Fear, 
 I switch gears 
 So fast its killin' him (record scratches) 
 I'm awesome, good on all cylinders, 
 Don't matter if it's a bitch, I'm still killin' her, 
 This bitch can't rap at all, there's no will in her, 
 She's eating my words, hope its fillin her, 
 Now listen to 
 Wut, 
 I instill in her, 
 Fear, 
 I switch gears so fast, 
 Its killin' her, 
 U so skinny, 
 U can hide behind a flagpole, 
 Ur so fat, 
 U could probably eat a fag, whole, 
 U walk around, with ur pants sagged low, 
 Ur lifes over, time to put it in the bag bro, 
 When its ur turn I know ur gonna freeze, 
 All of a sudden, it's a hundred degrees, 
 There's been a forest of chokers, u'll just add to the trees, 
 Feel so bad u'll wish you were overseas, 
 Where's southwest when you really need it, 
 I come wit a warning label, bitch can't you read it, 
 U'll wanna stand up, ill keep you seated, 
 Don't understand? Want me to repeat it, 
 U can't touch me, I'm too hot to handle, 
 U see that, I burned you like a candle, 
 The words gonna spread fast like the Monica Lewinsky scandal, 
 Any word I say, it's the work of a vandal, 
 Man Randle listen to wut I say, 
 U panhandle and ur gay, its ok, 
 Urs shits so gray, 
 Ur words r dead, 
 Maybe itd be better if u'd just shoot urself in the head, 
 Fill ur brain with lead, 
 But don't say I led ur brain to it, 
 Tell 'em you finally thought 'im insane, screw it,' 
 Tell 'em before you did it everybody already knew it 
 Would happen, 
 So dude just stop rappin', 
 When ur on the mic, everybody's laughin', 
 And by the time ur off, everybody's nappin, 
 And when I'm on, everybody's clappin, 
 This shits almost done, I just gotta cap it, 
 This battles a tall fence, u can't hop it, 
 My raps off the wall, u can't top it, 
 So good bye nice try, I'm outta time, 
 I left you behind with a whole mountain to climb 
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you getting, 
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you getting, 
 Wit one rhyme I terrorize a mind, 
 Get rid of their ego and carry out a crime, 
 Wit one line I lead one to demise, 
 Bury their lives, 
 And watch them, as they internally cry, 
 Externally die, 
 Leave them eternally scarred, eternally marred, 
 And after it's all over, I send them a card, 
 As soon as I'm up on the stage I'm fulla rage, 
 Like a tiger in his cage, 
 Ready to engage, 
 In a fight, ready to bite, 
 Ready to turn a page, 
 And ready to do it every night, 
 Ready to burn his rage, I'm ready, 
 Just gimme the mic, 
 And watch me strike, 
 My words are like magic, 
 Some endings are tragic, 
 They remember me for years, 
 My lines are classic, 
 U don't wanna battle me, 
 Ur shakin, 
 So go home and bake urself some bacon, 
 I got three breasts under my chest, 
 But I don't understand why I'm under arrest, 
 I'm on a quest, to destroy everything in my way, 
 And if ur with me, than lemme hear you say... 
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you getting, 
 If I can't shoot you, 
 Ima have to kill you by spittin', 
 Battlin mothafuckers my ruckus ain't written, 
 When my bullets miss, 
 My words keep hittin, 
 If you like pain, 
 Then that's wut you getting, 
 (Repeats to end)
 (Eminem) 
 This thing right here, it's letting all the people know 
 What burnouts talk about. You know, The Chronic... 
 Ooh that buds look scandalous, 
 You hit it too hard you can't handle this, 
 So you smokin' that thing when you pass it to us, 
 With a look in your eyes so devious, 
 You inhale with all you got, suck it down hard till your seeing dots, 
 And your body's on the ground but your mind is not, 
 Cause your livin' la vida smoke-ah 
 Now you're high as a kite (kite, kite) 
 Been tokin' all night (night, night) 
 All night long (all night long) 
 Let me hit that bong, baby, 
 That bong bo-bong bong bong 
 I like to roll a blunt ooh, 
 And smoke it in a pipe too, 
 But best of all, 
 Is that bong bo-bong bong bong 
 You know you love that Cannabis, 
 So pull up a chair and come smoke with us, 
 They call me Crisqo I can bake so much, 
 I like to hotbox the tour bus, 
 Puff, puff, give till its 4/20, 
 This stuff ain't cheap, I need more money, 
 But when I buy that green I get the best they got, 
 'Cause I'm livin' la vida smoke-ah 
 Now I'm high as a kite (kite, kite) 
 I been tokin' all night (night, night) 
 All night long (all night long) 
 Let me hit that bong, baby, 
 That bong bo-bong bong bong, 
 I like to roll a blunt ooh, 
 And smoke it in a pipe too, 
 But best of all, 
 Is that bong bo-bong bong bong. 
 (Inhales, coughs)
 Like a dope fiend, 
 Opening up a bottle of dopamine, 
 ... 
 Throat, choked anything, 
 Oh and just think how dope it could be, 
 If he smoked anything, 
 Oh there goes the bell, 
 The sound of the opening ding, 
 I hit you as hard as barbiturates 
 In the ribs with a switch and stitch you at the same time before you could flinch to it, 
 My dick is so big if I add another inch to it 
 You would swear when I raped you that you was actually into it, 
 I'm not a baller but you can bet your fucking bottom dollar 
 That I remember when I was without a dollar bill in my wallet, 
 Now watch me kill a koala, while I maul a Chihuahua, 
 Bum a pill off of ... 
 Like let me holla at you mama, 
 It's like I'm off that ba ba when I bring the fucking drama, 
 Used to bomb ya like Saddam, but now that I'm a lil calmer, 
 I'm a fucking cross between Osama, ..., Obama and Dalai Lama, 
 Tell Miley I'm her knight in shining armor, 
 Mail a gift to Taylor Swift's trailer, a picture of my genitalia, 
 With a note sayin' bitch I can't wait to nail ya. 
 Drug paraphernalia beware the werewolf will kill ya, 
 That's' him in the Sheep's clothes, he just shaved his hair off Cecilia
 Whatever... 
 Dre, just cum and bum Aiyyo ram it up a little bit Aiyyo... 
 This song is for the gay one... fuck it Just shut up and listen, 
 Aiyyo... 
 I sit back with this pack of dur-ex, 
 And this bag of these balls, 
 It gives me the shit needed to be the most gayest MC, 
 On this... on this Earth, 
 And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just blert, 
 And just blurt up this ass and bizarrea ass at work, 
 And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension, 
 Dispensin this constapation, 
 Gettin' this stress that's been me eatin recently and gettin' hairs on my chest, 
 And I rest again peacefully (peacefully).. 
 But at least I have the decency when I'm in you to be good to ur hole, 
 When you freaks see me up in this hole, 
 When I'm eatin out or bonin your daughter to not come and speak to me (speak to 
 Me).. 
 I don't know you and no, 
 I don't ho you are a mo-therf**k-in ugly thing I listen to N'Sync, 
 I am what your friends think I bum Mr. Friendly, 
 With my big dick after you bum me my tank is on empty (is on empty).. 
 No cum is in me and if you don't pleasure me I'm penetrating with my 10 feet 
 (With my 10 feet).. 
 In the air I don't care who is there and who saw me just bum you 
 Go call you a hooker, 
 File you a blow job I'll smile in the whorehouse and buy you a lap dance I'm 
 Tired of all you (of all you).. 
 I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me 
 And I am, however gay you say I am If I wasn't, 
 Then why would I bum this man? 
 In the paper, the news everyday I am Porno channels wont even show my nan Cause 
 I am, however gay I am If I wasn't, 
 Then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am 
 I don't know it's just the gay I am 
 Sometimes I wanna feel my birds father, 
 I hate to feel bothered with all of this nonsense it's constant 
 And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content that's all the songs with 'Elton' has gotten 
 Such rotten responses" 
 And this penis circles me and it seems like the media immediately sticks a 
 Finger up me (finger up me).. 
 So I point one back up 'em, but not the index or pinkie or the ring or the 
 Thumb, 
 It's the one you put up when you just wanna fuck, 
 When you won't just give up till this guy just screams stop, 
 'Cause they full of cum too 
 When a dude's gettin' bummed and screams in his school 
 And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin Where were the 
 Parents at? 
 And look where it's at 
 Straight America, now it's a tragedy 
 Now it's so sad to see, an upper ass i-t-y havin' this happenin' (this 
 Happenin').. 
 Then attack Eminem 'cause I cock slap this gay (cock slap this gay).. 
 But I'm glad 'cause they bum me an feed me the fuel that I need is just fired to 
 Burn and it's burnin and I have returned 
 I'm so stiff and hard off bein admired that I wish that I would just fly or get 
 Fired in 
 And get cock dropped from my table and stop with the shavin' 
 I'm not gonna be able to top 'Elton's gayness' 
 And bum-holed into sensation by a cockney sensation at rock'n'roll stations And 
 I just do not got the patience (got the patience).. 
 To deal with these cockney caucasians who think 
 I'm some queer who just tries to hump blacks 'cause I talk with an accent, and 
 Grab on their balls, so they always keep askin the same fuckin' questions 
 (Fuckin' questions).. 
 Are you some kind of queer?, what kinda queer you be up in? 
 The why, the up what when, the where, and the how 
 Till I'm grabbin my pubes and I'm tearin them out 'cause they ridin' me crazy 
 (Ridin' me crazy).. 
 I can take it I'm racin, I'm pacin', I stand and then shit And I'm thankful for 
 Ev-ery man that I get 
 But I can't take a tug, in the bathroom without someone trying to suck it No I 
 Won't bone ur ass You can cum up my asshole, I'm glad 
 Chrous
 Hey, Dave, 'twas the night before Christmas we'll go! 
 Hi, boys, here I go! 
 'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house 
 Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse; 
 The stockings were hung by the chimney with care, 
 In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there; 
 One, two, three, four, no, Dave, don't we wanna hear some more! 
 The children were nestled all snug in their beds, 
 While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads; 
 And mamma in her 'kerchief, and I in my cap, 
 Had settled our heads for a long winter's nap, 
 When out on the lawn there a rose such a clatter, 
 I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter. 
 Away to the window I flew like a flash, 
 Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash. 
 The moon outside was shining on the snow 
 When the look will right on the ground below, 
 When, what to my wondering eyes should appear, 
 But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny reindeer, 
 With a little old driver, so lively and quick, 
 I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick. 
 More faster than eagles the reindeer came, 
 And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name; 
 "Now, Dasher! Now, Dancer! Now, Prancer and Vixen! 
 On, Comet! On Cupid! On, Donder and Blitzen! 
 To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall! 
 Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!" 
 And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof 
 The prancing and pawing of each little hoof. 
 As I drew in my hand, and was turning around, 
 Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound. 
 He was dressed all in fur, from his head to his foot, 
 And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot; 
 A bundle of toys he had flung on his back, 
 And he looked like a peddler just opening his pack. 
 His eyes -- how they twinkled! his dimples how merry! 
 His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry! 
 His cute little mouth was just like a bow, 
 And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow; 
 He had a broad face and a little round belly, 
 That shook, like a bowlful of jelly. 
 He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf, 
 And I laughed when I saw him, in spite of myself; 
 A wink of his eye and a twist of his head, 
 Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread; 
 He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work, 
 And filled all the stockings; then turned with a jerk, 
 And laying his finger aside of his nose, 
 And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose; 
 He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle, 
 And away they all flew like the down of a thistle. 
 But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight, 
 "Merry Christmas to all, and good-night."
 (Old man) 
 Em could I borrow you for a little while... 
 (Eminem) 
 OK... 
 (Old man) 
 You see this book 
 (Eminem) 
 Yess, I see it 
 (Old man) 
 You touch it, it will blow you're mind out, and you will become the man, you will become everything you have to be, this is you're destination, you will grow up, because I know you're a child right now, you're about 15, 16, I think? 
 (Eminem) 
 No! not really man, I gotta go yo! just... 
 (Old man) 
 Don't waist you're time use it, it will blow a rap out of your mind 
 (Eminem) 
 You mean freestyle 
 (Old man) 
 No I mean the words that are in you're head right now, TAKE IT! 
 (Eminem) 
 Ok, huh! shshshshshssh 
 (Eminem: rap) 
 There's a difficult man, he's trying to stand, he think he da man, he's trying to steal my adetities he's a loser, who nis he a damn witch, get him out this b**** he's a guy, but I don't no why, he is standin' in my way, I gotta go, this book is a fantasticaion, what a station, like a playstation, this book is not my destination, this book is... well! a presentaion!
 (Eminem) 
 Ay, yo 
 This next song, is a true story 
 (Come here, bitch!) 
 Cause some things in this universe, don't make sense 
 But somehow always seem to fuckin' work 
 VERSE ONE - Eminem 
 Driving down I-75, about to hop on 696 
 I look over, this fucking chick's tryina' fix her makeup, I'm like bitch? 
 You ain't a plastic surgeon, I advise ya to put up your visor 
 I'm getting kinda ticked, you're blocking my side mirror 
 She's like yeah? so? I'm like so? 
 You gon' need a stitch you keep actin' like that, ho 
 I look like your husband slut? That's a rhetorical question 
 You talk to me like you talk to him, I'll fuck you up 
 In fact, get in the backseat, like the rest of my dates 
 No bitch rides shotgun, what? Taxi? 
 Stop and pick you some Maxi Pads up? 
 Is that what you actually ask me? 
 (Smack) 
 Bitch reaches over and smacks me 
 And says I annoy the fuck outta her 
 Get in the fucking back, put on your slut powder 
 You slut, what? Shut the fuck up now, or get your feelings hurt 
 Worse than my last chick, when I accidentally butt dialed her 
 And she heard me spreading AIDS rumors about her 
 Turn the radio up louder, make it thump 
 While I bump that Relapse CD, tryina' hit every bump 
 And that cunt thought I snapped back into accents 
 'Cause she kept asking me to stop callin' her CUNT 
 I said I cunt 
 HOOK - Eminem 
 She said, Marshall you ain't really like that, oh oh oh 
 Your putting on a show, where's your mic at? 
 'Cause you're breaking my heart, you're breaking my heart 
 X2 
 VERSE TWO - Royce 
 Uh, pull up to the club in a Porsche, not a Pinto 
 While Marshall's at a white trash party, I'm at drama central 
 I walk up in there looking at my phone on twitter tweetin' 
 I'm feelin' a bunch of bitches lookin' at a nigga, cheesin' 
 I get approached by this little skeeser 
 She asked me if I'm the real G, 'cause I'm Gucci from head to feet 
 I said, yeah, I'm really is, 'cause I spit in your man's face 
 Like Cam did that kid on Killa Season 
 She said I'm feeling a bit of ego 
 Wait, am I talking wrong? 
 I said nah, I'm a walking Kanye/Beyonce song. 
 She said I'm mad at you, I said why? 
 She said why you never make songs for chicks as if it's hard to do? 
 I said I make songs for me, leave the studio 
 And go and fuck the bitch who belongs to makin' songs for you 
 She said I'm feelin' your whole swagger and flow, can we hook up? 
 I said, eh, you just used the word swagger so NO 
 VERSE THREE - Eminem 
 We been ridin' around in this hatchback till I'm fucking hunchback 
 Where the fuck's this party at slutbag cunt? Cut what act? 
 Think it's an act? Fuck that, I'm tryina' ...?...finest love shack 
 Or somewhere to fuck at, eh? Don't touch that 
 You fat dyke, I'm tryina hear some Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Don't act like you don't like em', them accents 
 I rap tight, and I'mma torture till we find this place, yeah that's right 
 Thought it was just past this light, past Van Dyke 
 Better hit that map right, read them directions 
 Oh yeah you can't read, and you can't write 
 Told me that last night, she took my CD out the deck 
 Snapped in half like, Relapse sucked 
 I snapped, hit the gas like, blew through the light 
 Spun out, hit a patch of black ice 
 Forgot we had a trailer hitch to the back 
 We jackknifed, bitch flew out of the car 
 I laughed like, she deserved it 
 She didn't think I'd act like that in person 
 (Yo, Royce, Marshall just crashed right in front of the club!) 
 VERSE FOUR - Royce 
 Tell him I'll be there in a minute, I'm tryina break up this cat fight 
 Between my mistress and my damn wife 
 Then a chick wanted a hug, but she was fat 
 So I gave her that and told her to scat 
 I'm not mean, I'm cute 
 On my way to the front door, taking the scenic route 
 To avoid this chick with a lace front 
 Lookin' like Venus and Serena's hooves 
 I'm jus' sayin', those chicks got horse asses, they been attractive 
 Hope when they see me they don't slap me with they tennis rackets 
 My mind drifted back to this shit 
 I seen my wife push her down, step over her body, and smack the mistress 
 Police outside, I turn and pass the gat to Vishis 
 Then I step out and see my evil twin 
 He gives me an evil grin 
 He mugs the mistress, turns around and gives the misses hugs and kisses 
 Looks at me twisted, like Nickel "watch this shit!" 
 He smacks the dentures outta the mouth of the fat bitch he rode with 
 Looks back to mention, "Royce, it's good to be back to business"
 Only reason I dissed you in the first place is because you denied seeing me 
 Now I'm pissed off 
 Sit back, homie, relax, in fact grab a six-pack 
 Kick back while I kick facts, yeah, Dre, sick track 
 Perfect way to get back, wanna hear something wick-wack? 
 I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back 
 I'm obsessed now; Oh gee 
 Is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee? 
 Wow, Mariah, didn't expect ya to go balls out 
 Bitch, shut the fuck up 'fore I put all them phone calls out 
 You made to my house when you was wild 'n' out before Nick 
 When you was on my dick and give you something to smile about 
 How many times you fly to my house, still trying to count 
 Better shut your lying mouth if you don't want Nick finding out 
 You probably think 'cause it's been so long if I had something on you I woulda did it by now 
 Oh, on the contrary, Mary Poppins, I'm mixing our studio session down and sending it to mastering to make it loud 
 Enough dirt on you to murder you 
 This is what the fuck I do; Mariah, it ever occur to you 
 That I still have pictures? However you prefer to do 
 And that goes for Nick, too; Faggot, you think I'm scared of you? 
 You gonna ruin my career you better get one 
 Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut-bitch-cunt 
 That made me put up with her psycho ass over six months 
 And only spread her legs to let me hit once 
 Yeah, what you gonna say I'm lucky? 
 Tell the public that I was so ugly that you fucking had to be drunk to fuck me? 
 Second base, what the fuck you tell Nick, punk? In 
 The second week we was dry humping 
 It's gotta count for something 
 Listen, girly 
 Surely you don't want me to talk about how I nutted early 'cause I ejaculated prematurely 
 And bust all over your belly, and you almost started hurling 
 And said I was gross, go get a towel, your stomach's curling 
 Well, maybe you do 
 But if I'm embarrassing me, I'm embarrassing you 
 And don't you dare say it isn't true 
 As long as the song's getting airplay I'm dissing you 
 I'm a hair away from getting carried away and getting sued 
 I was gonna stop at sixteen, that was thirty-two 
 This is thirty-four bars, we ain't even third of the way through 
 Damn, Slim, Mariah played you. Mariah who? 
 Oh did I say whore, Nick? I meant a liar, too 
 Like I've been going off on you all this time 
 For no reason; Girl, you out ya alcoholic mind 
 Check ya wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine 
 Like I fuckin' sit around and think about you all the time 
 I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme 
 But fuck it now I'm about to draw the line 
 And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb 
 I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find 
 On an episode of Cribs; A blow below the ribs 
 If I hear another word so don't go opening your jibs 
 'Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs 
 I ain't saying this shit again, ho, you know what it is 
 It's a warning shot 'fore I blow up ya whole spot 
 Call my bluff and I'll release every fucking thing I got 
 Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top 
 When me and Luis were tryin' to stick two CD's in the same slot 
 (Slim Shady, drop them dodgers, Slim Shady, drop them dodgers, I love you) 
 I love you too 
 Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo. Now what you say? 
 (It's nothing) 
 Guess what I'll do? 
 I'll refresh your memory when you said 
 (I want you) 
 Now should I keep going or should we call truce? 
 (You think you're cute, right? Hahaha) 
 You bet your sweet ass I do 
 (I'm Mary Poppins, b) 
 And I'm Superman, mmm 
 (Mary P. Slim Shady) 
 Comin' at you 
 So if you'll still be my (baby girl) 
 Then I'll still be your (Superhero, Wilma M.) 
 Yeah, I'm right here 
 (You like this) 
 Nope. Not any more, Dear. 
 It cuts like a (knife) when I tell ya get a (life) 
 But I'm moving on with mine 
 Nick, is that your (wife) 
 Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone 
 If she don't (sing this script?) then I'ma just keep going 
 (I see Mary Ann. Mary Ann's saying cut the tape, cut the tape. Knife!)
 I'm in the zone 
 Don't feel like stayin' home 
 'Cause for now I don't wanna be alone 
 I'm feelin' like it's my day 
 There's no better time to party than a Friday 
 Pick out my clothes call my friends 
 Pop some dro, now let's begin 
 Wentin' out gettin' out not stayin' in the house 
 Call my friends made some plans 
 Findin' out what time the party begins 
 Hangin' out for the weekend 
 Get out the crib have some fun 
 Enjoy yourself live for once 
 'Cause you'll never ever know when your time is up 
 So you got to live it up 
 Now it's about 
 10 o'clock 
 Before I leave I so many other rocks 
 But I'm'a vic you see, so fitted jeans 
 No make up just a little vaseline 
 I'm feelin' fresh, I'm feelin' clean 
 Grab my cds so I can blast it through the streets 
 Pick up my homegirls a cop a touch 
 Get it twisted while we're on the way to the club 
 Live you life 
 With absolutely no regrets 
 No need for contemplating death 
 'Cause you'll look back and miss everything that you have and 
 Party for the night, do what you gotta do 
 If you need some encouragement I ain't even had a chew 
 Do what's right and know that everything will be all right 
 It'll be all right 
 Celebrate life, celebrate hustlin' 
 Pop some mo' for all the money doublin' 
 All my ladies that stick to the rug in this, 
 Smoke some drugs with castle state thuggin' it 
 It's our life we gon' live it up 
 Party all night till we see the sun comin' up 
 Celebrate the weekend 
 Don't forget we gon' celebrate every single day that we breathin'
 The World Ain'T Ready For Me Yet (Prod. by Mart85) 
 Eminem 
 Me and Pace had to flee in haste from bein' chased 
 For some E & Js we boosted out of some Korean place 
 I get drunk and hang-glide off of St. Ides' 
 And spray-paint the plain sides of all the subway train rides 
 I got a pitbull that eats sheep and spits wool 
 And chews on human body tissue till its stomach gets full 
 Skip school, barely went to class, thinkin' shit's cool 
 Hid a loaded pistol under this retarded kid's stool 
 I had a dream I blew up with half a mil' sold 
 And still stole a credit card, a purse, and someone's billfold 
 I'm from the city where the weather's always real cold 
 And chill mode can turn into somebody gettin' steel-toed 
 We be hangin' on the block till dawn 
 Stayin' spaced out like Dr. Octagon 
 Feelin' for the beats like they Chaka Khan 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 It's like this and like that and like this (huh-huh) 
 My name is Marshall Mathers (I think that's my name) 
 Cause this is how I am in real life 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 It's like this and like that and like this (ya hear me?) 
 I try to keep it positive and play it cool 
 The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
 Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless 
 Patrolling corners 
 Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action 
 Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer 
 And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in the wild hood 
 As a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood 
 That I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed 
 But kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death 
 As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind 
 You and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out 
 I'm blowing mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now
 (Eminem - Chorus) 
 There's no need to say shit you already know 
 The question is just how far will this go 
 How far will he take it? 
 And when will he stop? 
 Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up 
 But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not 
 You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya 
 You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? 
 Man when are you gonna let up 
 I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better 
 Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo 
 She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat 
 And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro 
 Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego 
 You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole 
 And rope it shut with a lasso 
 Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil 
 Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though 
 Coke is cut with tobacco 
 Smoke it up then go wacko 
 This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco 
 Shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough 
 Let her ass go 
 Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole 
 I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter 
 Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her 
 I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter 
 I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers 
 Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar 
 They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar 
 Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra- 
 Cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew 'cause 
 (Eminem - Chorus) 
 There's no need to say shit you already know 
 The question is just how far will this go 
 How far will he take it? 
 And when will he stop? 
 (B.o.B) 
 B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up, geez 
 There's no need to say shit you already know 
 The question is just how far will this go 
 'Cause I will never lay down? 
 And I will never let up? 
 (I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better) 
 (B.o.B - Verse 2) 
 With the soul of a Sharman 
 I leave the beat than vomit 
 Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach 
 I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies 
 Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in 
 So can you hear me coming 
 Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting 
 It's probably go diseases on it 
 I'm just being honest, I can see the comments 
 I can see the evolution as we creep up on it 
 I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie 
 Shit I just do this for the haters, I don't need the money 
 I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging 
 Somebody tell these girls please release my undies 
 Nobody really understands my language 
 I find it complicated just to hold a conversation 
 But still I got a whole lot of patience 
 Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station 
 (Eminem - Chorus) 
 There's no need to say shit you already know 
 The question is just how far will this go 
 How far will he take it? 
 And when will he stop? 
 Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up 
 But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not 
 You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya 
 You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? 
 Man when are you gonna let up 
 I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better 
 (Eminem - Verse 3) 
 Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer 
 Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle 
 It's like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha 
 I gotcha pychologically f-cked 
 Michael would like an apology what 
 Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt 
 And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts 
 I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut 
 I ain't nuttin' nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut 
 The poster addict for post tramatic stress 
 I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while 
 This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers 
 I can hear him start to gather 
 I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family 
 This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny 
 Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning 
 (He can't say whore) 
 Of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties 
 (Eminem - Chorus) 
 There's no need to say shit you already know 
 The question is just how far will this go 
 How far will he take it? 
 And when will he stop? 
 Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up 
 But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not 
 You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya 
 You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? 
 Man when are you gonna let up 
 I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better
 Have you ever found out fucking loving someone so much? 
 Daddy, where is mummy? 
 Why is Mummy crying? 
 It's prob 'cause all the fucking bullshit you say and make her shook the tears out of her fucking eyes. 
 Hey, this is my life. 
 Get out of my fucking life, you I- C peaker. Watch out man, you fucking donkey put out your penis and put it in your own friend. 
 Hey, man just see them yahoo applesauce everything and watch them hump. Don't bloody fuck me up 'cause that your problem. Fuck them up, 
 Fuck them up, 
 Fuck them up, 
 Till they get breast meat bullshit fucking. hump me breast man. Don't fuck it up or down, man, this is some bullshit. I'm an motherfucking princess so don't fuck it up. 
 Man, I'm still an American FUCKING STUNTMAN. DON'T SKATE TO YOUR LIFE, COS ITS FEEDING TIME. DON'T CUNT IT. 
 Man, fuck it. 
 Andr3, think it's fucking unbelievable. 
 Andr3: yah, can't believe all this bullshit. 
 Pitbull: fuck the cunts, put it in your breast fuck. 
 Eminem: YAH, FUCK YOU!
 My motto is "live by the bottle" 
 So why is my supply low? 
 Bring in a truckload with a high-low 
 Stay grounded but I still reach for the sky though 
 Ghetto idol I think, but what do I know? 
 Shit I know a lot more than I should 
 The hood stood by me just like I thought it would 
 Don't act like I'm Hollywood when I prob'ly could 
 I don't polly 
 Mohammed Ali of rap, I don't lolly gag 
 West Coast, the home of the bodybag 
 The shotty, the mag 
 Los Angeles, where the party at? 
 You can catch me anywhere where there's Bacardi at 
 Yeah, Andre is back so have a cardiac 
 Started back with the black 
 Rated starter cap 
 Gangsta rap, we practically fuckin' started that 
 Everyday with this game I'm gettin' smarter at 
 Sky's the limit so every time I get on a track 
 *Eminem Intro* 
 It's not about lyrics anymore, it's about a hot beat and a catchy hook 
 *Eminem* 
 If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it 
 Then so be it 
 Cause nowadays these kids, jeez 
 Don't give a shit bout lyrics 
 All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it 
 Long as they can go to the club and get blitz 
 Pick up some chicks and get some digits 
 And the DJ's playing them hits 
 Oh this my jam, this my shit 
 We don't know a word to a verse, 
 All we know is the chorus 
 Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us 
 And the songs ginormous, the whole formula's switched 
 'Cause we don't know anymore, what are hits 
 Is it the beat, is it the rap 
 Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap 
 And how do we adapt and get TRL votes 
 When 13 year olds control the remote 
 And Ashley's got a brand new nose 
 We gotta put some new em-phasis on our syllables 
 *Emine- Chrous* 
 Shorty I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be cause shorty 
 You love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I'll be true to you
 (Woo woo shady shady) 
 Aftermath 
 (Look at that bitch) 
 There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor, bumpin and grindin that pole 
 The way she's grindin that pole, I think I'm losing control 
 Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunk, get fucked up 
 Hit the stripclub, don't forget ones, get your dick rubbed, 
 Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit-faced 
 Pasted, plastered, puke drink up, get a new drink through the bathroom sink door 
 Wipe your suit clean, got a routine going, still got a few drunks, someone's snooz (?) drinks showin, 
 I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated, I was revived as soon as this bitchz girated (?), 
 And hips and lickin' lips, and that was it, 
 I had to get Nat-Dog get his things and shit 
 Two to the one from the one to the three, 
 I like good pussy and I like good trees, 
 Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe and I get more ass then a toilet seat, 
 Three to the one for the one to the three, 
 I met a bad nitch last night at the Dee (?), 
 Let me tell you how I made her leve with me, conversation and Hennessy (sp*) 
 I've been to the motherfucken mountaintop, 
 Heard motherfuckers talk sleeve (?) and drop, 
 If I ain't got a weapon I'm gon pick up a rock, 
 And when I buss your ass, I'm goin' to continue to box, 
 Get your ass off the wall with your two left fee, 
 It's real easy just follow the beat, 
 Don't let that fly girl pass you by, 
 Look real close 'cause stobe light fly (?) 
 We bout to have a party, (turn the music up) 
 Let's get it started, (go head shake your butt) 
 I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut, 
 Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up 
 Some moves they got retarted (?) 
 Suppose somebodys body 
 I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say everyday she be givin' it up, (now) 
 Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me, 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Ah girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me, 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 I'm a menace, a dentist, an all hygenist, 
 Open your mouth for about four five minutes, 
 Take a little bit of this floor ride minutes (?) 
 Swish but don't spit it, Swallow and I'll finish yeah 
 Me and Nate D-O-double G, lookin' for a couple bit-chez with some double Ds, 
 Pop a little chamdagne (sp*) and a couple these, 
 Slippin in the bubbly, wee, ------(?) 
 We bout to have a party, (turn the music up) 
 Let's get it started, (go head shake your butt) 
 I'm lookin' for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck, 
 Apple bottem jeans and a big ol butt 
 Some moves they got retarted (?) 
 Suppose somebodys body 
 I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on, 
 Knows that can but she won't say no, (now) 
 Look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be, 
 Tonight I wanna slut, would you be mine? 
 Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine 
 Now I hope you don't get mad at me, but I told Nate you was a freak, 
 He said he wasn't a slut, hope you don't mind, I told him how you like it from behind, 
 (Yeah) 
 Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me, 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me, 
 Ah girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me, 
 We bout to have a party, (turn the music up) 
 Let's get it started, (go head shake your butt) 
 I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut, 
 Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up 
 Some moves they got retarted (?) 
 Suppose somebodys body 
 I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say everyday she be givin' it up, (now) 
 There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor, bumpin and grindin that pole 
 The way she's grindin that pole, I think I'm losing control 
 (Yeah yeah) (na na na na na na) 
 I ain't leavin' without you bitch, your comin' home with me, 
 And my boy, and his boy, and his boy, and his girl (ha ha Nate-Dogg)
 Yeah this is a song about a trgic ending... 
 Yeah I was like 15 when it happened 
 By best buddy dave saw it and started clappin 
 He said it was good but you need some practice 
 It was my 1st freestyle I was rappin' 
 Now I been hated by many for the skills I possess 
 But before I get put to rest I'm gonna give you the best 
 Because you bought my shit America is my bitch 
 And all my fans can shoot themselves wearin bullet proof vests 
 But everybody that thinks other than what they should 
 Could and would get put under the ground for good 
 'Cause if you fuck with me and if you fuck with d 
 Or d.r.e then you gonna feel the pain that was felt by me 
 Mutha fuckas
 Here I go, lyrically 
 I have no idea what I'm doing but I'm spiritual 
 On the microphone I tear up in stereo 
 I'm like the grand wizard, yes I'm the imperial 
 I have no fucking clue what the fuck I'm doing 
 But frithick mushy your whole life is ruined 
 If you try to step to me your life's in jeopardy 
 'Cause I will seek out... 
 Yes, here we go break it down 
 I got the crown I'm about to take it now 
 Yo I got my man and he's on the guitar 
 And when it comes to lyrics I go so far 
 Like a car that I'm driving surviving on vivrin 
 I'm alive I'm like eye of the tiger 
 And I kick it so... so fucking hard 
 Now frithick mushy go...
 Faded voice - Fuck yeah... 
 Eminem: Yeah! 
 LLoyd Banks: Oh shit, it's the Evil Genius 
 Eminem: Green Lantern 
 LLoyd Banks: Yeah... Hey yo Em, what do we call this shit right here? 
 Eminem: The Invasion 
 LLoyd Banks: You had part 1, we got part 2, now its part 3, the final chapter mother fucker 
 Eminem: armeggedon; lets go 
 I got a riddle, what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle 
 That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walking the whole Mediterranean 
 Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian, 
 No he's name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo 
 So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago 
 When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement 
 I apologized fo' it before, so 
 Either accept it or you don't 
 And let's move on, if I ain't shown that I've grown 
 Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts, 
 You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts 
 Or should I say asses? 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses? 
 LLoyd Banks: Hold up, hold up, hold up 
 New York City man, it's the kid LLoyd Banks 
 If you hearin' what I'm hearin right now, you know this ain't no regular shit homie, 
 This something special and we gota bring this shit back, Green comon! 
 I got a riddle, what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle 
 That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walking the whole Mediterranean 
 Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian, 
 No he's name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo 
 So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago 
 When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement 
 I apologized fo' it before, so 
 Either accept it or you don't 
 And let's move on, if I ain't shown that I've grown 
 Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts, 
 You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts 
 Or should I say asses? 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses? 
 The question I ask is... 
 How can I explain this? 
 How can I swing this, in English language? 
 If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn 
 Do I do it in vein, or simply to entertain? 
 Am I being real or am I being fake 
 Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine 
 Or am I caught up in this hot water 
 Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture 
 Don't let 'em insult ya, I'ma tell you one more 'gain 
 This is the environment I was brought up 'in 
 But every now and 'then, I use my 'pen 
 To get rid of some frustration, or should I say shon 
 This is just another one of my subliminal ways to racism 
 You're face is numb, you're stunned you look as cold 
 Like that of a man who's 70 some years old 
 And it only gets colder, which is why I understand 
 It can't be mad at a forty four fan 
 With a chip on his shoulder 
 Who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen 
 Is to put me on the front of it again 
 Only think that makes him grin, is to see me frown 
 Papa can't stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down 
 In his new chair that goes round and round 
 That he bought from new money of his bank account 
 That I get him every issue when the thang comes out 
 Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out 
 And let his black side arm wrestle his white side 
 Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide 
 He might find someone dumb enough who might ride 
 But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys 
 Disguised as pro-black there's no slack for a Hartford college grad. 
 In a fitted hat and a hunch bag, standing by the clearance coat rack 
 And some RSO throwbacks, yeah 
 Shady in the place to be seen and I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT 
 Still knockin' a K to these punks, fuckin' cocksuckin' pussy lips hatin' mixed cunts!
 (Dr dre) 
 Tell yo 'bout venger 
 Straight out of michigan 
 Slim shady 
 (Eminem) 
 Venger is a big fat bitch 
 He's the biggest bitch I know 
 And he stinks like shit 
 Remember back then, 
 The days when he was skinny? 
 (Dr dre) 
 Yo. 
 (Eminem) 
 Now he's fat 
 And he still thinks he's pretty. 
 He's such a slag 
 People who smoke grass 
 Are saying "shit. 
 Goddamn, that's a big fat ass" 
 Fuck that slut 
 He's a big fat trick 
 And I still won't suck 
 His ten foot dick 
 Slim shady 
 I'm a crazy thing 
 Down with dr dre 
 With a darkhaven swing 
 (Dr dre) 
 Yo 
 (Eminem) 
 I don't know much 
 But I know this shit 
 Venger is a big fat bitch 
 Venger is a big fat bitch 
 Venger is a big fat bitch 
 Venger is a big fat bitch 
 He's a red eyed, stink ass, horn headed bitch 
 (Dr dre) 
 Uh huh 
 Dr dre 
 Check it 
 My homie shadow demon 
 Lives up the block 
 He's got a big fat master 
 Who sucks my cock 
 Non stop, he's a sight to see 
 A real evil bitch 
 Who does right by me 
 He might be the best slut 
 In the mountains 
 Ten times a week 
 But shit, 
 Who's countin'? 
 I'm astounded 'bout the things he does 
 He used to suck in each, 
 Fuck in each town there ever was 
 He ain't a slut 
 He's a super groupie 
 And I'd pass that bitch 
 Around like a doobie 
 I don't know much 
 But I know this 
 Venger's a big fat bitch 
 (Dr dre) 
 Oh shit 
 Tell 'em, em 
 (Eminem) 
 I'm slim shady 
 That name's really cool 
 I might be a fuck 
 But I ain't no fool 
 (Dr dre) 
 Uh uh 
 (Eminem) 
 I just moved from darkhaven to boulder 
 'Cause venger's trippin' on kelek's own shoulder 
 He's just colder 'cause I'm like that 
 Little freak ass pain 
 But you know that 
 (Dr dre) 
 Yo 
 (Eminem) 
 I've been followin' tracks 
 Like a puppy 
 Old horn head 
 Doesn't take shit from yuppies 
 Word up 
 I am slim shady 
 To a mother fucking t is the place to be 
 (Dr dre) 
 Yo 
 (Eminem) 
 I don't know much 
 But I know this 
 Venger is a big fat bitch 
 (Dr dre) 
 Well 
 The dude's right 
 Dr dre 
 Eminem 
 Best bitch around 
 Fuck venger 
 This goes out to all the fat bitches in the realm 
 Yo, yo 
 What's up? 
 Gotta drink some duff
 Hey Slim, 
 U want a pill 2 pop 
 Eh slim you listening 2 me 
 Goddammit 
 Hi how big is ure fanny can I fit a whole Grammy inside 
 And hide 2 fists for days 
 Girl I know these questions are gay but I jus gotta know 
 Before I let this big dick flow 
 Turning up to a show and I don't know who the fucks playing 
 Or wot it is they're sayin' 
 All I know is this uzis for spraying on S Club Juniors 
 And I would rather have tumours all over my brain 
 Or get hit by cars, trucks, and trains 
 Than listen to this shit! 
 And if you don't like this track then you can skip 
 (Eminem) 
 The Feds are cuming but I can't be assed running 
 I'm so weeded that I can't stop mumbling 
 I feel like I'm constantly tumbling 
 Jus because ure royal doesent mean that can rumble 
 Remember always be loyal to people that treat you the same 
 'Cause they'll have ure back when ve jus got beat up and ure in pain 
 Fuck that shit I'm dissin eveybody! 
 Fuck this Beat 
 Fuck ure Song 
 Fuck this Life 
 Its goin' on to long
 Yo zane, you think I copy eminem but I just steal tha beat and spit rhymes better than him (just kidding) I know I'm wack but I can't rhyme words caues I'm just to black, in fact let me tell you a fact I'm quittin rap for good and movein back to da hood work on my rap and come back if I'm not hooked on crack if you try to diss me in a rap ill come out of retirement and murder your rhyme again no joke your gettin' fucked up like some one did you in the but and busted a nut, ill slit your throat with a razor I used to shave my crack a the one in the back you talk a lot of crap for an albino who can't even rap you just want to be black dog if you keep talking crap I'm gonna kick you in your sack and go black attack in fack I'm part back
 (Eminem) 
 Yo, Yo, Yo, Back to me, Back to me, 
 I can keep that beat? 
 Yo, Weed Lacer, 97' burgundy Blazer 
 Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer 
 I'm on some lok' ish, 
 I'm fed up wit the being broke ish 
 I'm not to joke wit 
 Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it 
 Having a coke-fit and goin' through withdrawls daily 
 Shoot up with Mesciline Infront of my baby daughter Hailey 
 My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits 
 Too many asprin tablets, empty medicine cabinets 
 Losing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted 
 Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' about, "Who won it?" 
 Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it 
 My 9's at your brain, is that your chain? Run it 
 Crews die from an over-dose of your exessive flavor 
 Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager 
 Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer 
 Stole your moma's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her 
 (Right right right!) ((Ding!)) 
 Cruise In nike jackets, Escaped from Psyciatrics 
 Told the nurse to save my bed for me 
 "I might be back Trick" 
 So barricade your Entrance, put up some extra fences 
 A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses (Ooh) 
 Chasin' Dips 
 ...Take em' on long vacation trips 
 Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships 
 Mess up your face and lips 
 Slit your stomach and watch your gut split 
 Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter)) 
 Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone 
 I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on 
 I'm messed up, I feel just like an over worked plumber 
 I'm sick of the crap, what's Jack Kevorkian's phone number? (Ha... Hot)
 I don't think you understand 
 That what you're doing is not so cool 
 You think it's funny to mess with my mind 
 Don't you 
 You know I like you so you just tease me 
 You give me just enough to hang on enough 
 When you're just wasting my time 
 You're simply wasting my time 
 So quit wasting my time 
 Do you hear me when I say 
 So let me ask you something 
 Do you think I'm pretty or don't you 
 Do you wanna get with me or not and nowwww 
 Or are you just wasting my time 
 You're simply wasting my time 
 So quit wasting my time 
 And what would you've got to say 
 Well things have got to change 
 Say this just isn't right 
 I don't wanna have to fight 
 And I think I'd better go 
 Cause this ain't working out any more 
 And I'm sorry, sorry, sorry 
 Understand 
 That what you did 
 Was just not so cool 
 Baby, you're just not that cool
 Whatever 
 Dre just let it run 
 Ey yo turn the beat up a little bit 
 Ey yo this song is for anyone 
 Fuck it just shut up and listen 
 Ey yo 
 I sit back, with this pack, of zigzags 
 And this bag, of this weed 
 It gives me, the shit needed to be, the most meanest MC on this 
 On this earth 'cause since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse 
 And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works 
 And it sells and it helps in its self to relieve 
 All this tension dispensing me, sentence is getting it 
 The stress has been eating me, recently 
 Off of this chest and I rest to get peacefully 
 But at least have the decency in you to leave me alone 
 When you freaks see me out in the streets 
 When I'm eating or feeding my daughter to not come and speak to me 
 I don't know you and no I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing 
 I'm not Mr.'N Sync and I'm not what your friends think 
 I'm not Mr.Friendly, I can be a prick, if you tempt me my tank is on empty 
 No patience is in me and if you offend me I'm lifting you ten feet 
 In the air, I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you 
 Go call you a lawyer 
 File you a lawsuit, I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe 
 I'm tired of all you 
 I don't mean to be mean but it's all I can be, it's just me 
 And I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, everyday I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, everyday I am 
 I don't know it's just the way I am 
 Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered 
 With all of this nonsense it's constant, and "oh it's his lyrical content!" 
 The song "Guilty Conscience" has gotten such rotten responses 
 And all of this controversy circles me and it seems 
 Like the media immediately points a finger at me 
 So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or the pinky 
 Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up when you don't give a fuck 
 When you won't just put up with the bullshit they pull 
 'Cause they full of shit too 
 When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school 
 And they blame it on Marilyn 
 And the heroin, where were the parents at? 
 And look at where it's at 
 Middle America, now it's a tragedy, now it's so sad to see 
 An upper class city having this happening 
 Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way 
 But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel 
 That I need for the fire to burn and it's burnin' and I have returned 
 And I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, everyday I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, everyday I am 
 I don't know it's just the way I am 
 I'm so sick and tired of being admired 
 That I wish that I would just die or get fired 
 And drop from my label and stop with the fables 
 I'm not gonna be able to top on "My name is" 
 And pigeon holdin' to some poppy sensations 
 They cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations 
 And I just do not got the patience 
 To deal with these cocky Caucasians 
 Who think I'm some wigga who just tries to be black 
 'Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls 
 So they always keep asking the same fucking questions 
 What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in, the why, the who, what 
 When and where and the how, 'til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out 
 You've been driving me crazy 
 I can't take it, I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit 
 And I'm thankful for every fan that I get, but I can't take a shit 
 In the bathroom without someone standing by it 
 No I won't sign your autograph, you can call me an asshole, I'm glad 
 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, everyday I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, everyday I am 
 I don't know it's just the way I am
 Chorus (Lloyd Banks): 
 Niggas Know what I'm about out here 
 I don't toot my own horn 'cause I don't have to 
 You can run your mouth I don't care 
 But if you get too close I'm gonna clap you 
 It's too real out here to be scared 
 A real nigga is gonna do whatever he has to 
 A man is the last thing you should fear 
 It ain't considered a crime unless they catch you 
 We all die one day 
 (Obie Trice): 
 Niggas when I step up in the bar, faggots wanna look 
 Like you motherfuckers got Obie Trice shook 
 Like I'm gonna stand here as a man and 
 Let some queer ass funny looking nigga get the upper hand 
 I got issues, got no time, got guns that mourn nigga's moms 
 Shoot up clubs and destroy nigga's vibes 
 Everybody running for their motherfucking lives 
 Tough club niggas, we leave early, cock back surely 
 Open up your fade, your grey brain meets motor city pave 
 Your nervous system still twitch off Jay Z 
 Hoes and animals skirts get murked 
 Don't ever let a nigga tell you slugs don't hurt 
 Don't ever let a nigga tell you play the bar hard 
 Trust in god it 'cause you're about to catch a bullet scar 
 I give a fuck where you from who you be with 
 Keep this a secret right by the nuts 
 A 4-5 that'll light niggas up and this 4-5 high make me not give a 
 Fuck 
 (Lloyd Banks) 
 But as long as I'm here I'm gonna grab checks 
 And make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks 
 Poverty will make your ass bet on words 
 Touch niggas in jail make them wanna finish their last sentance' 
 They say you live by the gun and die by the next nigga gun 
 If that's the case then get a bigger one 
 You don't think I pack the pump 'cause I'm out the hood 
 That's a stereotype like everyone that's black and junk 
 I'm in a white mink, the fabric is done 
 Got rings that like Mike, Bird, Magic and them 
 Out in Dallas in a palace where the marriage is from 
 Living lavash, I'm established, so the carriage will come 
 I'm in the clouds you won't see me on the train 
 I travel first class you don't even got a TV on your plane 
 You should be easy on my name, 'cause I don't going back and forth 
 Your boss and your captain's soft 
 (Eminem) 
 We gonna bring it to anybody who want it 
 You want it? you gonna get it 
 Man we gon hit em, chew 'em up and spit 'em out 
 Too much venom and if you role with 'em 
 We gonna fuck you up with 'em 
 I got too much momentum movin in my direction to lose 
 My shoes will explode as soon as you go to step in 'em (BROOM) 
 You know how we do it when we do how we do it when we come through 
 G-Unit, D-1-2 and Obie we all move like assassins 
 Ski masks and gloves consider this as a warning 
 Disaster comes faster than you can react to it, just ask Muggs 
 But we are fizzast? Fuck your litte bitch ass up 
 We are not killers, my vato will have you shot though 
 Drag through the body on fuck, like Kim Osario's 
 Litte sorry hoe ass, go ask B Real 
 We burn source covers like fuckin' Cypress Hill 
 Did in the 90s, when you was in diapers still 
 Shady records you better believe the hype is real 
 This is no joke, I don't smoke 
 But I toke enough second hand to make my fuckin' B.O. choke 
 I'm an OG, you're fuckin' with a GI Joe 
 Bia Bia, mia meo a vida loco 
 I'm a psycho, Mariah ain't got shit on me 
 When I retire I'll be spittin' baby food on people 
 A tent siege on ranch, huddled up next to her 
 With Hello Kitty slippers on, humping her legs 
 You ever had your cap pealed back or your shit pushed in 
 I put my blade in you like a fucking pin cushion 
 Slice your ear clear off, Smirnoff and Henn dogg 
 I'll show you how to kill a fucking man like Sen Dogg 
 Nobody told you that I'm loco essay? 
 I lack every sane chemical in my membrane 
 I'm slim sha... dy and the \"d\" is for deez nuts 
 And you can get each one for free so feast up 
 I pee in a cup for three months, I'm having an E party for easter 
 Please come 
 Sweet done 
 (50 Cent) 
 We gonna bring it to anybody who want it 
 You want it? you gonna get it 
 Your name on it we'll hit em, chew 'em up and spit 'em out 
 Too much venom and if you role with 'em 
 We gonna fuck you up with 'em 
 You can do all them push ups to pump up your chest 
 I got a 12 gauge mossberg to pump up your chest 
 Have you gasping for air after that shell hit your vest 
 Fear me like you fear god 'cause I bring death 
 Silver Back guerrilla in the concrete jungle 
 I'm the strongest around you know how I get down 
 I watch gansta flicks and root for the badguy 
 And turn it off before it ends cause the badguy die 
 If you trying to buy guns I'm the nigga to look to 
 So what they got bodies on 'em, they still look new 
 You can raise your voice like you fending to touch something 
 When I raise my knife shit I'm fending to cut something 
 See I walk like Ron O'Neil and talk like Goldie 
 If the bitch think I love her the bitch don't know me 
 (Haha Sorry Kim haha) 
 (Eminem) 
 Souls Assasins y'all 
 What up Muggs? 
 (DJ Muggs) 
 What up Em? 
 (Eminem) 
 We outta here... 
 (Grazie a Crash per questo testo)
 Young Zee, Digga, Em 
 Fill up ya... Ya 
 (Young Zee) 
 Usually its beef the more the merry 
 Me and Em fill up a thousand mortuaries 
 Till then no more in the cemeteries 
 And all ya fake mens is dead and buried 
 (Chorus- Eminem) 
 We just came to party 
 We ain't comin' here to start shit wit no body 
 Girl we just wanna see you work that work that body 
 With your man lookin' like he could murk somebody 
 We just sipped a lil bit to much bicardi 
 He done tripped and tilt his cup and spilt it on me 
 Now he's startin some shit that's wit an army 
 He's about to get the shit kicked and ??? outta him 
 (Rah Digga) 
 So don't get testy mami tell ya peoples I got all the sets behind me 
 We surrounded by those cats that share they chronic 
 Why you wanna go left and test the grimey 
 Double barrel of your homies chest all slimey 
 Twirl ya hair, turn a starter to a bonet 
 Beatin' bitches wit a bat and all that nonsense 
 Uppercuts go connect wit perfect timing 
 (Verse 1- Rah Digga) 
 Ya smack a camera out my face up on ETV 
 Try to front like I don't fuck with that MP3 
 Trustfunds overflow, got pearls and a boat 
 Watch ??? fall off like they Earl Managoat 
 Can tweeze 'em like a day at a moat 
 They say they real hip hop, I think they playin' a joke 
 See when it come in the streets, I'ma spill them heaters 
 Ain't tryna end up like Amil and Vida 
 (Chorus- Eminem) 
 We just came to party 
 We ain't comin' here to start shit wit no body 
 Girl we just wanna see you work that work that body 
 With your man lookin' like he could murk somebody 
 We just sipped a lil bit to much bicardi 
 He done tripped and tipped his cup and spilt it on me 
 Now he's startin some shit that's wit an army 
 He's about to get the shit kicked and ??? outta him 
 (Verse 2- Young Zee) 
 Ya Zee come get the riches, that's how I come way be filled wit sixes 
 Only bonin one chick 'cause hoes be lyin' 
 Fuck around and end up like Kobe Bryant 
 I just came to drink a thousand drops of henny 
 Fuck around and make me pop this semi 
 Man I live two lives, I roll wit stars to open bars 
 In the hood we still ride around in stolen stolen cars 
 Pop shit I'll put this gun in ya earing 
 Till I hear that loud tone and voice disappearing 
 Crow man I get high off the water 
 Wake up in the bed wit Ozzie Ozbournes daughter 
 Test us better give a vest to your wife 
 Or when I said it you'll regret it for the rest of your life 
 Ya we roll up on a gang of harleys 
 Zee, Digga, Em we just came to party 
 (Chorus- Eminem) 
 We just came to party 
 We ain't comin' here to start shit wit no body 
 Girl we just wanna see you work that work that body 
 With your man lookin' like he could murk somebody 
 We just sipped a lil bit to much bicardi 
 He done tripped and tipped his cup and spilt it on me 
 Now he's startin some shit that's wit an army 
 He's about to get the shit kicked and ??? outta him
 Olivia: 
 Oeh Oeh Oeh Oeh Oeh 
 Oeh Oeh Oeh Oeh Oeh 
 We, We don't give a fuck about you 
 Your homie on the block can get it too 
 Y'all little motherfuckas ain't gangster 
 Save your crew 
 Before I put a hit out on you 
 Before I let my niggers come threw 
 Y'all little motherfuckas ain't gangster, gangster 
 50 Cent: 
 Yeah 
 I come creepin' through your hood in the day or the night, boy 
 It's good that you ain't scared to die 'cause you might, boy 
 Nigger cross the line and my wolves will jump on you 
 The beef escalade, they'll be back to dump on you 
 They follow orders. I tell 'em to let off that pump at you 
 Before you snitch, yeah, see I know what you chumps will do 
 Sunny day; hot fudge, vanilla, banana split 
 Four niggers in the whip A.K. banana clip 
 Wartime, frontline, nigger ride or running high 
 Everything alive dies Why X why, why cry? 
 Man up chump where we in is for the week 
 You can hold your own or get left for dead in the street 
 Olivia: 
 We, We don't give a fuck about you 
 Your homie on the block can get it too 
 Y'all little motherfuckas ain't gangster 
 Save your crew 
 Before I put a hit out on you 
 Before I let my niggers come threw 
 Y'all little motherfuckas ain't gangster, gangster 
 Tony Yayo: 
 Yeah Yeah 
 In the hood when I pop up 
 Minked up and wrapped up 
 Niggers ice grill 'cause he's old G's is washed up 
 I got a left like Winky Wright 
 My pinky bright, my bank card'll end your life 
 Niggers keen but they sweeted it; cookies and cream 
 Homie I got more blocks than Hakim the dream 
 That ain't task force money, that's Gun police 
 I got my ratchet in the alley with that fiend Denise 
 Cruising streets, stuntin in that maybach 62 
 Nigger run my dope 4 for 62, come on 
 A gram, my man, my plans to expand 
 Try to trixing you hooks to catscans 
 Olivia: 
 We, We don't give a fuck about you 
 Your homie on the block can get it too 
 Y'all little motherfuckas ain't gangster 
 Save your crew 
 Before I put a hit out on you 
 Before I let my niggers come threw 
 Y'all little motherfuckas ain't gangster, gangster 
 Lloyd Banks: 
 I got a crew o' schizo's behind me 
 I give 'em the word to wet your whole block up 
 Like the tsunami try me 
 Hey your mommy will be right in the lobby 
 And they'll be feeding you jell-o 
 Like you Bill Cosby 
 Yeah everybody yelling (yeah) so the beef cooks 
 And somebody gets hit in the melon 
 Then they tell 'em don't go tongue-lashing wit Lloyd 
 Niggers'll put stabs in your boy like Brad Pitt in troy 
 You'll be shaking like a cuddy with his last bit of boy 
 And I'll be calm 'cause it's bulletproof glass in the toy 
 Yeah I'm flashy as fuck, mashin' with buck 
 Windows up blowing big cause the stash in the trunk 
 Olivia: 
 We, We don't give a fuck about you 
 Your homie on the block can get it too 
 Y'all little motherfuckers ain't gangster 
 Save your crew 
 Before I put a hit out on you 
 Before I let my niggers come threw 
 Y'all little motherfuckers ain't gangster, gangster 
 Oeh
 (50 Cent) 
 Hahahaha 
 G G G G G G G G-Unit 
 (Eminem) 
 Here we go again 
 (50 Cent) 
 Does it make you mad when I switch my flow? 
 You can't understand how I get my dough 
 50 Cent I'm on fire cause Shady said so 
 I'm on fire 
 Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne 
 I just get on the track and try to set the tone 
 I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone 
 But don't compare me 
 I'm better off jus' left alone 
 And I ain't even tryna go there wit record sales 
 I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself 
 Say what up, keep steppin, and just rep D-12 
 Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail 
 And livin' wreckless 
 But if you go check my belt 
 You may see something else I used to protect myself 
 A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells 
 And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel 
 And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to 
 Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you 
 And I done seen a lot of people cross the line 
 But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind 
 That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX 
 Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next 
 So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael 
 Juss keep singin' the same song, recycled 
 We'd all much rather get along and fight you 
 Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you 
 And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth 
 C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you 
 I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to 
 But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you 
 Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on 
 But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it 
 But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta 
 We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to 
 So what's the, deal where was all the tough talk? 
 When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg? 
 How come you didn't say you had a problem then? 
 When you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then 
 I'ma grown man dawg come holla 
 All you did was slapdance, smile and swallow, 
 Another one of them little X pills in front of me 
 And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on 
 (50 Cent) 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 (Tony Yayo) 
 You couldn't son me if my father helped you 
 My punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you 
 Ja you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you 
 Every other week I'm buyin a new pistol 
 I clap at your ass with this chrome 38 
 And put six through your hats of seven 3/8 
 Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you should shook night 
 I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike 
 You know and I know who took ya chain 
 You got robbed two times so ya ass is laid 
 I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail 
 You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch 
 (50 Cent) 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 (Lloyd Banks) 
 Fuck that I'm miles away 
 And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand 
 I'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man 
 Tellin' New York, even in Compton they understand 
 I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'... 
 They see me more pop a boy for icey 'cause I could 
 Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood 
 Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song 
 Now you want it wit' us, half your artists got to make a point 
 Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer picture 
 And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches 
 You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka 
 I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'fucker 
 (50 Cent) 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon will see 
 You don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You know you don't want it with me 
 (Tony Yayo) 
 Yeah nigga yeah 
 Shady Aftermath G-Unit 
 Fuck you think they call us G Unit for 
 'Cause we move units uhha 
 Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherfucking studio time 
 A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even
 Teats and Thurston Howell, and yelling Wordsworth 
 My mother smoked crack I had a premature birth 
 I'm just a nerve purse with badly disturbed nerves 
 You wanna be the one to step up and get served first 
 99% of aliens prefer Earth 
 Come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf 
 I hid a secret message inside of a word search 
 With smeared letters, runnin' together and blurs spurts 
 Hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts 
 I point water pistols at women and squirt shirts 
 Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerbers 
 My first words were bleep bleep and curse curse 
 Never had shit and I still don't deserve dirt 
 My breath still stinks, and I'm on my third cert 
 Digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse! 
 You said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse!
 Artist: Cali Kings f/ Eminem 
 Peace to Thirstin Howl, A. L., and 
 Wordsworth 
 My mother smoked crack I had a 
 Premature birth 
 I'm just a nerve cursed with badly 
 Disturbed nerves 
 You wanna be the one to step up 
 And get served first 
 99% of aliens prefer 
 Earth 
 I come here to rule the planet, 
 Starting with your turf 
 I hid a secret message inside of a 
 Word search 
 With smeared letters runnin' 
 Together in blurred spurts 
 I hang with male chauvinist pigs 
 And perverts 
 Who point water pistols at women 
 And squirt shirts 
 Been a bad boy since diapers and 
 Gerber's 
 My first words were bleep bleep and 
 Curse curse 
 Never had it and I still don't 
 Deserve dirt 
 My breath still stinks and I'm on 
 My third cert 
 Yanking out my stitches, and hollering "nurse nurse, 
 You said this shot would numb it, 
 Chick it just hurts worse!" 
 Slim Shady 
 Cali Kings 
 Venga Boys
 Put it on my wee wee, banana strawberry, pineapple, orange x4 
 Got a dick as big as a banana, 
 Try to control it but I guess I can't, 
 It too tough like a AK clip banana, 
 You better watch out Hannah Montanna, 
 Man what's the matter, have you no manners?, 
 No, you know the girl from Juno's address? 
 Yeah, I'mma probably go to jail for that, 
 Now I got the cops on my tail for that, 
 Ride up in car with a stale banana, 
 In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that, 
 It coulda been a Molotov cocktail for that, 
 Wait a minute man, what the hell was that? 
 I heard a noise, where you going? What are you bananas?, 
 You can't go back there stupid ass, 
 I've just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask, 
 Who the fuck are you, superman? 
 All you have is a little stupid can of whipped cream, 
 What the hell you gonna do with that?, 
 I'mma put it on my wee wee, 
 Ooh could answer, a super bananza-extravaganza, 
 Man go ahead what you waitin for? 
 You better get them clothes off baby boy, 
 C'mon lets go we're gonna make a porn, 
 Ready set go, hit play, record! 
 Are you ready? You better hold the camera steady, 
 She's probably back there with a damn machete, 
 She's probably gonna eat you like canned spaghetti, 
 She's probably gonna kill ya, still wanna check, see? 
 Have a little quick look, 
 She's probably six foot tall like big foot, 
 The hell with that, we should probably run, 
 Don't dare look back, 
 There probably probably probably there probably was a problem at the post office or something, 
 But you probably diddn't know that did ya? 
 Now what you gonna do when she gets ya? 
 I ain't going with ya, forget ya, 
 Quit tryna hold my hand mister! 
 Prentend she's your little sister, little sister, 
 Prony little dickta (?), 
 Might as well take a whipped cream with ya, 
 And when you see her make sure you get a picture, 
 We could try to make another Blair Wich ya, movie, 
 Of bestiality porno with smoothies, 
 Its eerie, but here comes Zac and Meery, 
 Beauty and the best, his back is hairy, 
 But she don't care they're attracted very, 
 Very sexually active very, 
 No Zac don't go back in there! 
 It's too late now she's grabbing hair, 
 He screams "bloody mary", grabs a mirror, 
 But stop just ain't in her vocabulary, 
 Get off me please, 
 Get off me stop, 
 Brawl in the back of the coffee shop, 
 They go non stop, she says go, 
 He says no, she says oh, 
 Back and forth they scream and shout, 
 Yeah boy let them demons out, 
 It's the kinda nightmare you dream about, 
 Uh-oh now the whipped cream is out, 
 I get sick thoughts, sick sick thoughts, 
 Of things you could do with your lipstick gloss, 
 Put it on my dick till the tip looks orange, 
 Bitch keep going, bitch keep going! 
 Banana, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana
 Tupac: 
 Let us pray, heavenly father here a nigga down here 
 I see mothers in black cryin' brothers who packs dime's plus everybody's high to doped up to ask why. watching our own downfall witnessing the end. it's like we don't believe in god 'cause we living in sin. I asked my homie on the block why he strapped he laughed pointed his pistol at the cop car past and blast.its just another murder nobody morns no more. my tear drops gettin' bigger but can't figure what I'm cryin' for. in just a minuet we casket little babies victims of a stray from drug dealers gone crazy, maybe its just the drugs or visions of how the block was. crack came and it was strange how it rocked us. perhaps the underlying facts they hide explain genocide, its when we ride on our own kind. what is it we don't feel. reflections in the mirror. we can't escape fate [fading out] 
 (Chorus: eminem) 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back... 
 Tupac: 
 There go my oscars all I see is terror. I hate the man in the mirror cause his reflections just turns the pain rilla. times involved my gat and murdering in mass amounts. I started out as a beginner entered a criminal life stile and became the center. I made my money and vacate evade prison work from the chosen one outcast unforgiving. and all henesy and weed getting high. the pain I feel inside you know it's like I'm liven just to die I fall on my knees and beg for mercy. not knowing I'm not worthy living life thinking no man can hurt me. so I'm asking before I lay me down to sleep. before you judge me look at all the shit you did to me. my misery I rose up from the slums. 
 Made it out the flames in my search for fame. will I change. (fading out) 
 (Chorus: eminem) 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling 
 And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain 
 Just smile back...
 Artist: DJ jazzy jeff f/ eminem and parl yams 
 (Scratched) (3x): 
 "No... you hear me! you go to hell" -> mr. garrison 
 (Eminem) 
 Yo 
 At birth I was born with the biggest middle finger on earth 
 The first time I went to stick it up the shit hurt 
 Moms wouldn't take it, the bitch still hates me 
 One day she said, "go rake leaves," I said, "make me!" 
 I'm proud to announce I was probably the first kid 
 Who was kicked out of his house for making fart sounds with his mouth 
 Arguing with me and mom was on-going 
 She called law enforcement when I broke the law mower 
 The slut gave me a truck when I turned sixteen 
 I went to start it and it screamed, "please fix me!" 
 Back then, when will smith was still the fresh prince 
 And him and jeff were still best friends, I guess then 
 I decided to cut class to rap full time 
 And get the fuck outta the fake school and rhyme 
 Anybody who thinks this fuckin' attitude is a gimmick 
 Come and see me, see if I don't live up to this image 
 Break shit! 
 (Scratched) (4x): 
 "No... you hear me! you go to hell!" 
 (Parl yams) 
 Yo, y'all rappers have never learned 
 That's why I'm fuckin' wit y'all 
 Run around telling niggas they can fuck wit parl 
 I bring it to your high school, smoke the prom 
 Put your brother in an air lock, choke your mom 
 Cause any horror like a play off loss in game seven 
 Walk around ripping on niggas madder than james evans 
 My left hand's sharp it moves freestyle ultra 
 Slap my dick like kool keith 
 Fuck like you stole from me, and rules the streets 
 I don't wanna have to fuck you up, so cool cease 
 Parl yams be the chosen thug 
 What I spit be cold juice like a fruitful hug 
 Run the streets while you're stuck at home 
 My temper life bushwick bill fucker leave me the fuck alone 
 I've been jealous since niggas was windmillin' 
 These cats just started to rhyme, my pen's spillin' 
 And moms just told me to act, I've been wheelin' 
 So boy just slow your deck, I've been stealin' 
 I wet rappers 'cause it's me and em 
 I guess I just ain't give a fuck like eminem 
 Burglarize take busts with the slugs 
 Come in your window like (? ? ?) and bustin' your club 
 Put the heat up I teach them niggaz what to suck 
 And my young lords, when to stand up and light the dutch 
 (Scratched) (4x): 
 "No... you hear me! you go to hell!" 
 (Eminem) 
 I ended my last show with a horse swingin' a lasso 
 Drunk with the asshole ripped out of an old bathrobe 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck, you better understand that 
 Two zantacs I give a fuck if I sound whack 
 Billboard, drugs is what I kill for 
 I'm happy gilmore, you slip me anything in pill form 
 I'm in to mingle but I plan to stay single 
 Play bingo and drink, get old and watch my face wrinkle 
 Sike, I'm 24 Thursday; six more birthdays 
 And I'm blowin' my brains out when I'm thirty 
 As long as my heart beats I'ma keep tryin' to see 
 How much speed I can eat before I fall the fuck asleep 
 So "I'm the rapper, he's the DJ" 
 I'm the one that's got the six year old nephew screamin "f/u/c/k" 
 So jeff, give me a scratch (scratched: "no!") 
 Y'all can kiss my ass until your lips stick to my pants 
 (Scratched) (5x): 
 "No... you hear me! you go to hell!"
 When I'm Gone 
 (D-Boi and New Shady Version) 
 D-Boi featuring New Shady and EMINEM 
 (Intro-D-Boi and New Shady) 
 Yo this is D-Boi and this song goes out to Ash 
 I hope you still know I'll pay you a lot of cash 
 (New Shady) 
 Yo and this song also goes 
 Out to my girl- Ashley 
 (Verse 1-D-Boi) 
 Have you ever felt for someone like you don't wanna leave em? 
 But you have to go cause you don't wanna hurt em 
 Cause people are tryin' to hurt you 
 You can't risk them hurtin' her too 
 You pack up and try to leave but hesitate 
 You know you gotta leave the fuckin' state 
 All cause a girl turned your ass down 
 You know you've gotta leave the fuckin' town 
 Then about a mile down the road you think 
 You can't go down wit your ship, you can't fuckin' sink 
 When you get home, your gun's on the ground you pick it up 
 You slip in a pool of blood and you can't get up 
 You think it's over, you think it's all your fault 
 Then you look up and see her picture on the wall 
 You get up and think this the last show, better show it all 
 That's D-Boi, yeah baby D-Boi's crazy 
 New Shady made me, but tonight D-Boi is rock-a-bye baby 
 (Chorus 2x-EMINEM and D-Boi) 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on don't mourn, 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm lookin' down on you smilin' 
 And we didn't feel a thing so people don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 (Verse 2-D-Boi) 
 You're drivin' down the road and you don't know where your goin' 
 You blacked out after that 40 ounces was fuckin' gone 
 But next thing you know, you wake up in cuffs 
 You look over and there's another pool of blood 
 You think to yourself, I actually did it 
 I killed a man for my fuckin' kid 
 Thank God I did 
 I couldn't take the shit 
 1 year later I wake up in prison 
 They tell me I'm out, 
 Thank your fuckin' spouse 
 I look up and I'm like holy shit 
 I'm married and didn't even know it 
 And then I am at a concert singin' with EMINEM and New Shady 
 And I tell them that Mary Beth's the person I wished was my lady 
 And then I look up and see you Mary Beth up in the crowd 
 I call out her name, but she doesn't hear a sound 
 It's because these damn people are screamin' so loud 
 I say up in my mind I'll always love, care, and treat you good lil sis 
 And that's a promise 
 You're grown up and married to Chris 
 And just as I walk out the jail cell it turns to a stage they're gone 
 And the spotlight is on and EMINEM and me are singin' 
 (Chorus 2x-EMIENM and D-Boi) 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on don't mourn, 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm lookin' down on you smilin' 
 And I didn't feel a thing so people don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 (Verse 3-New Shady) 
 (D-Boi- yo give it up for yo boy New Shady) 
 I was in prison for someone I shot 
 Up in a parkin' lot 
 But I'm still here 
 I have two more years 
 Until I get released 
 Caught by the police 
 I love my wife, why would I hate her 
 2 more years later 
 I'm out of prison 
 Was it a dream or all a vision 
 I call out to Ashley and she say's yes dear 
 I tell the kids and her to come over here 
 And then I tell her we're goin' for a ride 
 As long as we got each other by our a side 
 We'll be fine 
 And Ashley and me are out wit the kids 
 Ashley turns to me and walks up to me 
 And kisses me on the lips 
 This is the happiest day that I've ever had 
 D-Boi got released yesterday from prison and it made me mad 
 If something were to happen to Ashley or my kids I'd be there to protect 'em like a husband and a dad 
 (Chorus 2x-EMINEM and New Shady) 
 And when we're gone, just carry on don't mourn, 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of our voices 
 Just know that we're lookin' down on you smilin' 
 And we didn't feel a thing so people don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 (Verse 4-EMINEM, D-Boi, and New Shady) 
 (All) 
 Sixty thousand people, all jumpin' out their seat, 
 The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at our feet, 
 We take a bow and, "thank you all for comin' out", 
 They're screamin' so loud, we take one last look at the crowd 
 (D-Boi) 
 I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein', 
 Daddy it's me! Help mommy her wrists are bleedin'! 
 But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?! 
 I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin' 
 You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad, 
 And I bought you this coin, 
 It says "number 1 dad", that's all I wanted 
 I just wanna give you this coin, 
 I get the point, fine, me and mommy are going" 
 (New Shady) 
 But baby wait- 
 It's too late dad, you made your choice. Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us 
 That's what they want 
 They want you Marshall, they keep 
 Screamin your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep. 
 Just take another, pill, yeah I bet ya you will 
 You rap about it. Yeah word, can't keep it real 
 I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see 
 How could it be that the curtain is closing on me 
 I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it, 
 Put it to my brain, scream die Shady!' and pop it 
 The sky darkens, my life flashes, 
 The plane that we were supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes 
 (Eminem) 
 That's when we all wake up, alarm clock's ringin', 
 There's birds singin', it's spring and 
 Hailie's out side swingin', 
 I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her 
 Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say- 
 (Chorus 2x- D-Boi, New Shady, and EMINEM) 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on don't mourn, 
 Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice 
 Just know that I'm lookin' down on you smilin' 
 And I didn't feel a thing so people don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 (End Chorus 1x- D-Boi and New Shady) 
 (After End Chorus New Shady Sings It One More Time)
 (Eminem Intro) 
 Yeah you got me, 
 I'm up now, it's your loss 
 Suffered to you 
 History is like a point of no delay 
 Keeps repeating itself, what else can I say 
 You wondering why I act this way 
 Never should have gave you the time of day 
 I guess you know what time it is now ay 
 (Eminem) 
 There must of been a gust of wind 
 Cause you change your mind every time it blows 
 And you just changed it a motherf-ckin again 
 You just said you just wanted some dick 'fore I stuck it in 
 I wouldn't of been such a prick to you 
 F-ckin men you say you don't trust em 
 Why do I hear the sound of toilets flushing 
 Some sh-t is goin' down 
 You must've just not of been truthful from the start 
 See for me it'd be nothing to say you never had my heart 
 But I'd be lyin' 
 F-ckin see why they call this bullsh-t a relationship, ships sink 
 And you know its love as soon as you fall in it cause shit stinks 
 And it feels like every time I f-ckin do I get jynxed 
 Cupid must've put a curse on me 
 6 weeks have went buy and we only spoke twice 
 I'm sittin' in your driveway callin' you from the car 
 Suffice I think its safe to say you're not at home 
 I'm callin your cell phone you answer 
 But I can tell though that your not alone 
 How was I to know it should have been time to go a long time ago 
 I kept holdin' on 
 Its comical when I think back now 
 Why I couldn't get the hint 
 You feel the draft you were throwin' I wasn't catchin' your drift 
 But there's a cold breeze blowin' over me 
 I'm over you, success is the best revenge to pay you back 
 And that payment is overdo 
 I overcame odds to get even 
 The sober me is shittin on the unsober you 
 And I hope they play this in every club your go into 
 I'm hauntin' you bitch everywhere you turn I'm following you 
 'Cause I loved you with every ounce of me 
 You know its true, its killin' you now, yeah 
 I hope the hoe dies slow in you 
 Its cause of you now I don't 'em trust at all 
 F-ck a middle finger up 
 I'm gonna just keep grabbin my balls, cup em 
 I'll never fall again, I trip on stairs, I fall up em 
 So buttercup don't try to come back knockin' on my door all dolled up 
 (Eminem - Chorus) 
 'Cause I'm moving on, don't worry about me 
 'Cause I'm gon be just fine without you, you'll see 
 There ain't no one on this Earth right now I'd rmuch rather be 
 Cause God-dammit I'm glad that I'm me 
 I said if you could be where I'm at (bye bye) 
 You'd wanna be you too 
 (I'm living without you) 
 If you felt the way I feel 
 I bet you'd be in as good a mood as I am 
 But you don't 'cause you just feel like you 
 I said if you could be where I'm at (bye bye) 
 You'd wanna be you too 
 (I'm living without you) 
 If you felt the way I feel 
 I bet you'd be in as good a mood as I am 
 But you don't so you just feel like you 
 (Lloyd banks) 
 I've had it for the last time 
 You're actions got me hot as my last rhyme 
 You're options will either get put out greenwich or as fine 
 Fine just ain't gon cut it 
 Drama is what you're in love with 
 You're one of them b-tches you run with 
 Lately I'm feeling smothered 
 You snooped around for dirt to be uncovered 
 Conceited with cover girl motives 
 I gotta rise above it 
 You think them models loving me 
 I'm thinking bout who doesn't, doesn't really matter what you say 
 Sickness in my stomach, 
 Told you I was gon be splitting, you don't think I mean it 
 Meant it, everything I got, f-ck you 
 Ain't no secret no apologies you keep it 
 Now that I'm doing my thing and you peep it 
 The badder times all outweigh the recent 
 Your energy who needs it 
 Every rumour you hear you go believe it 
 Point out the times you've seen it 
 You stabbed me should linked it 
 Revenge is mine, I need it, need a way out 
 It's my f-cking life, let her find a way to stay out 
 Bet you thought I'd break, ain't that easy 
 Bet you thought I need you a million times before you need me 
 Leave me everything that I gave to you 
 Ain't no freebies get your coat and go 
 The female pinnochio, money hungry, hopeless hoe 
 You f-cking with my focus so 
 Go back to that trunk that played the role before 
 Love is like a cancer when you don't let go (go) 
 I'mma blow fo 'sho 
 Unnecessary weight makes the boat go slow 
 I don't need you sinking us 
 I hope you float, lying through my teeth I hope you don't 
 (Drown, drown) 
 Now the sound of every dope 
 Bottles pop out while he smoke 
 Hit me pride that we broke 
 Let them girls crowding me go 
 If they got something to show 
 Let 'em show me how I love, I'm never lonely 
 Never even left a scar 
 You fell hard, I'm laughing 
 Ha ha ha ha ha 
 Tyre smoke fancy car 
 Nothing is what we are 
 No beginning no tomorrow 
 'Cause I'm moving on, don't worry about me 
 'Cause I'm gon be aight without you, you'll see 
 There ain't no one on this Earth I'd much rather be cause God-dammit 
 I'm glad that I'm me 
 (Eminem - Chorus) 
 I said if you could be where I'm at (bye bye) 
 You'd wanna be you too 
 (I'm living without you) 
 If you felt the way I feel 
 I bet you'd be in as good a mood as I am 
 But you don't so you just feel like you 
 I said if you could be where I'm at (bye bye) 
 You'd wanna be you too 
 (I'm living without you) 
 If you felt the way I feel 
 I bet you'd be in as good a mood as I am 
 But you don't so you just feel like you
 * Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness, Chas Smash being a member 
 Of the group 
 (Chas Smash) 
 Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this! 
 * Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness, Chas Smash being a member 
 Of the group 
 (Chas Smash) 
 Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this! 
 (Eminem) 
 Whose arm is this? 
 I must have cut it off at the pharmacist 
 Who refused to ret roll my servitude scripts in the derby sets 
 (Sorry) (correction: who refused to renew my seventh prescription of Darvisetts) 
 I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets 
 That never leaves his house, 'cause he thinks his car's possessed. 
 I hate my life 
 That's why I degrade my wife 
 Grab the paper plate to make a sandwich in the state of night 
 (Correction: grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just ate the knife) 
 My mother screaming "Please hear me, that it straight to Christ!" 
 (Correction:my mother's screaming :"Please heal him take him straight to Christ) 
 Meets are in the streets and slap me just to break the ice (What up my man?) 
 (Correction: meet you in ht estreet an slap you just to break the ice: what up? 
 I'm eminem) 
 Made a bomb threat with a fake device 
 Strip you naked twice 
 Pistol whip you and force you to take advice 
 And if you catch me bobbing my head to some bullshit you were spitting 
 I was probably just trying to shake the lice (UUURRRGGGHHH) 
 Bums falling out of my head 
 (Correction: bums falling outta my head) 
 I'm wishing I was dead 
 While I'm falling out of my bed 
 Pissing violet red. 
 And my raps are returning 
 I feel the sensation of burning. 
 The purple use of the germ with the painful release of my yermin (correction: 
 Painful release of my urine) 
 I'm screaming in my saddle "PLEASE QUIT FOLLOWING ME!" 
 (Correction: i;m screaming at my shadow: "please quit following me!") 
 These pills keeps screaming, "Please quit swallowing meeee!" 
 The devil keeps screaming, "Please keep telling on me!" 
 (Correction: the devil keeps whispering:"please get down on one knee") 
 I took the drugs before the cops or they found them on me 
 (Correction: I took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me) 
 (Prolonged moaning scream) 
 (Chas Smash) 
 (Scratch) Wat...(scratch) Watch this! (scratch) Watch this!
 Intro: (Obie Trice) 
 "Obie Trice, real name no gimmicks..." 
 2 trailer park girls go round the inside, round the inside, round the inside 
 (Repeat Refrain 1) 
 Guess who's black, black again? Smiley's black, tell a friend. Guess who's 
 Black, guess who's black, Guess who's black, guess who's black, Guess who's 
 Black, guess who's black, guess who's black 
 I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to see Shady no more 
 They want Smiley I'm chopped liver 
 Well if you want Smiley, this is what I'll give ya 
 A little bit of seeds mixed with some hard liquor 
 Some binaca that'll jumpstart my heart quicker 
 Then a shock when I get shocked at the Hospital 
 By the Dr. when I'm not cooperating 
 When he's rocking the table while I'm masturbating (Hey!) 
 You waited this long so stop debating 
 'Cause I'm back, I'm on a fag and ejaculating 
 I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney 
 But your husband's heart problem's complicating 
 So the FCC won't let me leave, or let me be me so watch me flee 
 They tried to shut me down on EmTV, but it feels so empty with Smiley 
 So come on you prick, jump on a dick rotate, on the dick and suck some dick 
 And get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy 
 I just got in all cop pursuits, "F**K YOU DEBBIE!" 
 Now this ain't like a job for me 
 So everybody just let me be 
 'Cause we need a little penis envy 
 'Cause it feels so empty with Smiley 
 Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious 
 Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis 
 They start feeling like prisoner's pelvis 
 Till someone comes along a mission and yells "dick" 
 A missionary, vision is scary, could start a resolution 
 Pollutin' the air waves a rebel 
 So let me just revel and tact, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass 
 And it's a disaster such a catastrophe 
 For you to see so damn much of my ass you ask Smiley? 
 Well, I'm black 
 (Batman sound) Fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in 
 And up under your skin like a splinter 
 The center of perfection, back for the winter I'm interesting 
 The less thing since wrestling 
 Infesting in your kids ears and resting 
 Testing "Attention Please" feel the tension soon as someone mentions me 
 Here's my 10 cents and my ass cheeks are free 
 A nuisance, who sent, you sent Smiley? 
 A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with 
 Anybody who's taking this shit that shit 
 Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass flipped 
 Worse than 'em little Limp Bizkit bastards 
 And Moby, you can get bombed by Dolby 
 This 36-year-old bald headed fag sold me 
 He don't know me, he's too old, let it go, move over, nobody listens to Techno 
 Now let's go, just give weed the signal, I'll be there with a whole crew full 
 Of new imbeciles 
 I've been doped, suspenseful with a pencil ever since Prince turn himself into 
 A symbol 
 But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to disgust me 
 So this must mean I'm Smite Smiley 
 But it's just me I'm just smiling 
 Though I'm not the first queen of controversy 
 I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley 
 To do Black Music so selfishly 
 And use it to get myself healthy (Hey!) 
 There's a concept that works 
 20 million other white rappers submerge 
 But it matters how many fish in the sea 
 When it will be so empty with Smiley 
 (Hum dei dei la la, Hum dei dei la la... la la la) x2 "Kids"
 Obie Trice 
 "Obie Trice, real name no gimmicks..." 
 Eminem 
 Two trailer park girls go round the outside 
 Round the outside, round the outside. 
 Two trailer park girls go round the outside 
 Round the outside, round the outside. 
 Female Voice 
 "Ooooohhhhh!" 
 Eminem 
 Guess who's back, back, back 
 Back again, gain, gain 
 Shadys back, back, back 
 Tell a friend 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back 
 Guess who's back... la la la 
 I've created a monster, cuz nobody wants to 
 See Marshall no more they want Shady, I'm chopped liver 
 Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya 
 A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor 
 Some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker 
 Then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital 
 By the Dr. when I'm not cooperating 
 When I'm rocking the table while he's operating "Hey" 
 You waited this long to stop debating 
 Cuz I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating 
 I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney 
 But your husbands heart problem's complicating 
 So the FCC won't let me be 
 Or let me be me so let me see 
 They tried to shut me down on MTV 
 But it feels so empty without me 
 So, come on dip, bum on your lips 
 Fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits 
 And get ready cuz this shit's about to get heavy 
 I just settled all my lawsuits, "Fuck you Debbie!" 
 Now this looks a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious 
 Embarrassed, their parents still listen to 
 Elvis 
 They start feeling like prisoners, helpless, 
 'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch" 
 A visionary, vision is scary 
 could start a revolution, pollutin' the air waves 
 A rebel, so let me just revel and bask 
 In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass 
 And it's a disaster such a catastrophe 
 For you to see so damn much of my ass, you ask for me 
 Well I'm back - na na na na na na na na na na 
 Fix your bent antenna Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in it 
 Up under your skin like a splinter 
 The center of attention back for the winter 
 I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling 
 Infesting in your kids ears and nesting 
 "Testing, Attention Please" 
 Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me 
 Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free 
 A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me 
 Now this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 Cuz we need a little controversy 
 Cuz it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 Cuz we need a little controversy 
 Cuz it feels so empty without me 
 A tisk-it a task-it, I go tit for tat with 
 anybody who's talking this shit that shit 
 Chris Kirkpatrick 
 , you can get your ass kicked 
 Worse than them little 
 Limp Bizkit 
 bastards 
 And 
 Moby 
 , you can get stomped by Obie 
 You 36 year old bald headed fag blow me 
 You don't know me, you're too old, let go 
 It's over, nobody listens to techno 
 Now lets go, just give me the signal 
 I will be there with a whole list full of new insults 
 I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil 
 Ever since 
 Prince 
 turned himself into a symbol 
 But sometimes the shit just seems 
 Everybody only wants to discuss me 
 So this must mean I'm dis-gus-ting 
 But its just me I'm just obscene 
 Though I'm not the first king of controversy 
 I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley 
 To do black music so selfishly 
 And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey) 
 There's a concept that works 
 20 million other white rappers emerge 
 But no matter how many fish in the sea 
 It'll be so empty without me 
 Now this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody just follow me 
 'Cause we need a little controversy 
 'Cause it feels so empty without me 
 na na na na na na na na na na 
 na na na na na na times 2 
 KIDS!!!!
 Peace to Thirston Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth 
 My mother smoked crack I had a premature birth 
 I'm just a nerd cursed with badly disturbed nerves 
 Who wanna be the one to step up and get served first 
 Ninety nine percent of aliens prefer Earth 
 Come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf 
 I hid a secret message inside of a word search 
 With smeared letters, runnin' together and blurred spurts 
 Hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts 
 Who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts 
 Been a bad boy since diapers and Gerbers 
 My first words were bleep bleep and curse curse 
 Never had shit and I still don't deserve dirt 
 My breath still stinks, and I'm on my third cert 
 Digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse 
 You said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww) 
 Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to 
 The only key that I see to defeat you 
 Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you 
 And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe 
 I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
 You'll think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from underneath you 
 (Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal 
 I ain't tryin' to shoot you, 
 I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you 
 Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass 
 And have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress 
 Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ah!) 
 Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis 
 I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket 
 To fill it full of explosive gasses 
 And close it back with a lit match in it 
 While I sit back and just hope it catches 
 Blow you to fragments 
 Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer 
 Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer 
 I'm on some low ish, 
 I'm fed up wit the being broke ish 
 I'm not to joke wit 
 Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it 
 My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits 
 Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets 
 Losing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted 
 Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, "Who want it?" 
 Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it 
 My 9's at your frame, is that your chain? Run it 
 Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor? 
 Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager 
 Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer 
 Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her 
 The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics 
 I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you, 
 And I'ma make sure you come back for it 
 So barricade your entrance, put up some extra fences 
 A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses 
 ...Take em' on long vacation trips 
 Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships 
 Mess up your face and lips 
 Slit your stomach and watch your gut split 
 Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit 
 Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone 
 I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on 
 I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber 
 I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number 
 I come in here spitting 
 With nine riffing non-fiction 
 Rappers try to step to this 
 With no prediction 
 And now I'm bashing and crashing 
 And thrashing 
 I hate rappers with a passion 
 When I'm chilling next to DJ Fashion 
 Aiiiyyo 
 I need a f***ing Kleenex 
 Before I die like withered pheonixes 
 When I'm chilling with Felix 
 Hit 'em with the freestyle... 
 (Scratches) 
 I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends 
 Holdin' a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends 
 Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin' legs 
 With the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you 
 Fuckin' mad dog, foamin at the mouth 
 Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch 
 Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building 
 And shot every window out on the way down to the ground (keep filming) 
 Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped 'em in half 
 Suffocated the oxygen mask 
 Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again 
 Slide back to where you come from and stand in the crossfire 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 When tha worst comes to worst 
 My peoples come first 
 How would you like to suck my balls"
 The days are cold livin' without you 
 The nights are long, I'm growing older 
 I miss the days alone, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone, but you're never over 
 If Proof could see me now, I know he'd be proud 
 Somewhere in me deep down, there's something in me he found 
 That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now 
 You try, it'll be them doors, on Dre's Phantom believe me clowns 
 That means suicide homie, you'll never throw me 
 Off of this course, blow me 
 Bitch I do this all for the sport only 
 But I want it all, I'm not just talking awards homie 
 And the balls in my court and it's lonely 
 On top of the world when you're the only 
 One with the balls and your shorts 
 To leave them jaws on the floor with no re- 
 Morse, remember that when they get to doggin' you boy homie 
 So y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna 
 I'm not gonna stop the saga 
 Continue, no stoppin' the force Obi, I'm moppin' the floors 
 With them, I keep tryna pass it, but they keep on droppin' the torch 
 And it won't be, long till this sport is O-V- 
 E-R, just blazin' and we knockin' them doors and no we 
 Ain't pumpkins on Halloween but we'll show up on your porch, so be 
 Careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here so follow me 
 Through the fog like I'm S-N-double-O-P 
 Let me guide you through the smoke G 
 If only I wasn't travellin' down this road by my lonely 
 No one who knew me like you will ever know me 
 I don't think you understand how much you meant to me 
 The days are cold livin' without you 
 The nights are long, I'm growing older 
 I miss the days alone, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone, but you're never over 
 And it don't stop (oh) 
 And it don't quit (oh) 
 And it don't stop (oh) 
 And it don't quit (oh) 
 And I miss you (oh) 
 I just miss you (oh) 
 I just miss you (oh) 
 Homie I'll never forget you (no) 
 For you, I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life 
 So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite 
 Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit hisself 
 Tap dancin' all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself 
 Yeah it's the best thing I could do right now for you Doodi is to rap 
 So I'm a fuck till I die, yeah I'm a do it to death 
 And itstead of mourning your death, I'd rather celebrate your life 
 Elevate to new height, step on the gas and accelerate, I'm a need two mics 
 Cause the way that I'm feelin' tonight, everything I can just do right 
 There's nothing that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped 
 Just finished the rhyming and bust it and excuse the corny metaphor 
 They'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered 
 So God just help me out while I fight through this grievin' process 
 Tryna process this loss is makin' me nauseous 
 But this depression ain't takin' me hostage 
 I've been patiently watchin' this game, pacin' these hallways 
 You had faith in me always 
 Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump, rise from these ashes 
 Come right back on they asses, and go Mike Tyson on these bastards 
 And I'm a show 'em, blow 'em out the water slaughter 'em homes 
 I'm on so many bells the only place they can hit me is below 
 Homie I know I'm, never gonna be the same with you 
 I woulda never came in this game, I'm going insane without you 
 Matter of fact it was just the other night, had another dream about you 
 You told me to get up, I got up and spread my wings and I flew 
 You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you 
 You told me nah Doodi you're not layin' on that table I knew 
 I was gonna make it, soon as you said think of Hailie, I knew 
 There wasn't no way that I was gonna ever leave them babies, and Proof 
 Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you 
 Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think I don't feel grateful, I do 
 Just grant me the strength that I need, for one more day to get through 
 So homie this is your song, I dedicate this to you 
 I love you Doodi 
 The days are cold livin' without you 
 The nights are long, I'm growing older 
 I miss the days alone, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone, but you're never over 
 And it don't stop (oh) 
 And it don't quit (oh) 
 And it don't stop (oh) 
 And it don't quit (oh) 
 And I miss you (oh) 
 I just miss you (oh) 
 I just miss you (oh) 
 Homie I'll never forget you (no)
 Back when I was riseing up 
 All the suckers used to play 
 Acting like they all that 
 And no one knew the way 
 To Ganon's castle, Level nine 
 Link had the power, I had the mind 
 I held the magic sword way up high 
 I knew I could win I didn't have to try 
 The NES Advantage was on my side 
 I take evil for a ride 
 I smoke the tactites like they was hooch 
 Cause soon I know I'd have zelda's cootch 
 I'd walk to meet The motherfuckin gannon 
 He'd disappear like a ball from a cannon 
 I raise my voice and I shout out loud 
 I got the triforce and I am proud 
 I finally hit him with the silver arrow 
 And you know I leave the rock 
 Even though the road to good is narrow 
 Zelda's on my jock 
 Cause my balls is big, to be this brave 
 Princess zelda is the one I saved 
 Now I'm playing with power 
 The nineteen eighty's will never go sour 
 Yeah, who would have thunk it, it must have been a drunken 
 Someone who could pump it with a beat so funky 
 Hell yeah bitch, you heard it hear first 
 Recognize now or you're gonna need a nurse 
 To stitch up the wounds from the k and the b 
 Redefine the word "originality", can't fuck with this shit, 1986 
 We was in the mix and zelda was the fuckin' fix 
 Now we bringin' this shit, full fuckin' circle 
 Can't hate with this? go hang with steve erkle 
 'Cause we regulatin hardcore, now you know what's in store 
 Beggin for a little more, glad I was in level 4 
 Realize this, I'm creepin' through the mist 
 With the fuckin' triforce, and I'm motherfuckin pissed 
 Now you realizin this beats hipnotizin, my skill keeps rising 
 All this shit just ties in, step back I got the players guide 
 Fuckin' game genie with the codes inside 
 Skill to save hyrule and the rest of mankind 
 All this shit be stickin in your mind 
 Now you understand the controller in your hand 
 You almost beat the game, but you ain't the fuckin' man 
 So leave it up to me, and back the fuck off 
 You think you're hardcore, but your skill be soft 
 I piss on your cartridge, throw it in the trash 
 Take it to the pawn shop for some cash 
 You don't belong on my NES 
 I grab your controller to show I'm the best
 Chorus: Disneyland Fun Chorus: 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 My, oh my, what a wonderful day 
 Plenty of sunshine heading my way 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Mr. Bluebird on my shoulder 
 It's the truth, its actch'll 
 Everything is satisfactch'll 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Wonderful feeling, wonderful day 
 Eminem as Ramus: 
 Dear Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, I wrote but you still aren't calling 
 I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom 
 I sent two letters back in autumn; you must not-a got 'em 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or something 
 Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
 But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant too; I'm bout to be a father 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'm a call her? 
 I'm a name her Bonnie. I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry 
 I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him 
 I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan 
 I even got the underground shit that you did with Scam 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man 
 I like the shit you did with Ruckus too, that shit was fat 
 Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat 
 Truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Ramus 
 Chorus: Disneyland Fun Chorus: 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 My, oh my, what a wonderful day 
 Plenty of sunshine heading my way 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Mr. Bluebird on my shoulder 
 It's the truth, its actch'll 
 Everything is satisfactch'll 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Wonderful feeling, wonderful day 
 Eminem as Ramus: 
 Dear Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, you still isn't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance 
 I isn't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans 
 If you didn't want to talk to me outside your concert 
 You didn't have to, but you could a signed an autograph for Matthew 
 That's my little brother man; he's only six years old 
 We waited in the blistering cold for you, four hours and you just said, "No." 
 That's pretty shitty man - you're like his ducking idol 
 He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do 
 I isn't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to 
 Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you 
 You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither; 
 He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her 
 I can relate to what you're saying in your songs 
 So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 
 Because I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed 
 I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest 
 Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds 
 It's like adrenaline; the pain is such a sudden rush for me 
 See everything you say is real, and I respect you because you tell it 
 My girlfriend's jealous because I talk about you 24/7 
 But she don't know you like I know you Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, no one does 
 She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up 
 You got to call me man; I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose 
 Sincerely yours, Ramus -- P.S. We should be together too 
 Chorus: Disneyland Fun Chorus: 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 My, oh my, what a wonderful day 
 Plenty of sunshine heading my way 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Mr. Bluebird on my shoulder 
 It's the truth, its actch'll 
 Everything is satisfactch'll 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Wonderful feeling, wonderful day 
 Eminem as Ramus: 
 Dear, you know it is a thrill when you go down hill 
 Beause you're riding on a mountain of your own free will 
 And you're zipping in a flash on a daring dash 
 Down a waterfall so rapid that you go splish splash 
 So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it 
 I'm in the car right now; I'm doing 90 on the freeway 
 Hey Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
 You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" 
 About that guy who could a saved that other guy from drowning 
 But didn't, then Phil saw it all, and then at a show he found him? 
 That's kind of how this is, you could a rescued me from drowning 
 Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy 
 And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call 
 I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall 
 I love you Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, we could a been together, think about it 
 You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it 
 And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it 
 I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me 
 See Zip-a-dee-doo-dah; Shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk! 
 Hey Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk 
 But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I isn't like you 
 Because if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too 
 Well, got to go, I'm almost at the bridge now 
 Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out? 
 Zip zip zip zip zip zip 
 Zip zip zip zip zip zip zip 
 Zip zip zip zip-a-dee-doo-dah 
 Zip zip-a zip-a-dee-doo-dah-day 
 Chorus: Disneyland Fun Chorus: 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 My, oh my, what a wonderful day 
 Plenty of sunshine heading my way 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Mr. Bluebird on my shoulder 
 It's the truth, its actch'll 
 Everything is satisfactch'll 
 Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-Dee-ay 
 Wonderful feeling, wonderful day 
 Eminem as himself: 
 Dear Ramus, I meant to write you sooner but me just been busy 
 You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
 Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that 
 And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap 
 I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must a missed you 
 Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to disc you 
 But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
 I say that shit just clowning dog, c'mon - how fucked up is you? 
 You got some issues Ramus; I think you need some counseling 
 To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some 
 And what's this shit about us meant to be together? 
 That type of she'll make me not want us to meet each other 
 I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
 Or maybe you just need to treat her better 
 I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time 
 Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine 
 If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Ramus, 
 Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan 
 I just don't want you to do some crazy shit 
 I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick 
 Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge 
 And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid 
 And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to 
 Come to think about, his name was... it was you 
 Damn! 
 Disneyland Fun Chorus: 
 Wonderful feeling, oh what a wonderful day 
 Oh what a wonderful, oh what a wonderful day!
 Here I Go 
 Lyrical 
 I have no Idea,what I'm doing 
 But i'm spiritual 
 On the mic perform 
 I tear up in ste-re-o 
 I'm like the grand wizard 
 Yes,I'm the Empe-re-o 
 I have no fucking clue 
 What the fuck I'm doing 
 But "Freifick,Muschi" 
 Ur whole life is ruin 
 If u try to step to me 
 Ur life's a jeopardy 
 Cause i will seek you out... 
 Zucker im Kaffee 
 Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee 
 Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor 
 Das ist wunderbar,Senior 
 (now its ur part again,its ur part again,its ur part again) 
 Yes...here we go 
 Break it down 
 I got the crown 
 I'm bout to take it now 
 Yo,i got my man 
 And he's on the guitar 
 And when it comes to lyrics 
 I go so far 
 Like a car that i'm driving 
 Surviving a wifring 
 And i kick it so 
 So,fucking hard 
 Now "Freifick,Muschi" 
 Don't diss me regard 
 Zucker im Kaffee 
 Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee 
 Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor 
 Das ist wunderbar,Senior
 